"Roll the dice, boy, and see how your fortunes lie…"

They clattered across the table, a whirling spectacle that silenced the room. The deep blue die of the past moved as though attached by a thread, falling in a graceful arc encircling a dark patch in the grain at the centre of the wooden table. The black die of the future scattered, repelling each other, coming to uneasy rests near the edges of the table, one falling off, landing with a sound that echoed through the room. Every set of eyes stared as it spun, edge over edge, painted faces flashing past in a mess of colours until it came to a stop against his leg. He opened his eyes to see the lay as the fortune teller hissed. Her eyebrows reached out to each other, and her eyes shut as she turned her face away, as though that alone was enough to wipe the memory of the dice from her mind. 

“What is it?” His voice was soft, and it sliced through the anxious silence. He winced. 

The Caster placed a finger on his lips, reaching over the table. “Not yet.”

“What are we waiting-” He cut off as he heard a sound, tearing his gaze from her, eyes locking on the dice that had fallen near his leg. The drawing on the top was glowing, exuding an almost imperceptible pinkish light. As he watched, the dice turned over, a new face showing itself, the glow fading. 

She hissed again, and breaths were drawn all around. A breeze rippled through the room. He shivered. 

“What does it mean?”

She eyed him. “There’s been… intervention.”

His eyes narrowed. He opened his mouth to speak, but she shot him a glance. 

The air stilled, making it hard to breathe. The Caster looked at the dice for a moment, closing her eyes as everyone filed out of the room, knowing what was coming. She began to speak.

“The dice of the past lie in an arc, five dice displaying the path you have taken to get here.” She pointed unerringly at each one, naming the faces that lay staring skywards, though her eyes were still shut. “Temple. Conflagration. Promise. Desperation. Meaning.” She took a breath and her next words were bare whispers. “I see why you came here. The Temple, your world, the pillar you leaned on, they paved the path you’ve travelled. The Conflagration, the chaos, the destroyer of homes and the painful birth of the self. The Promise, the one that took you far enough that you could never turn back. The Desperation, the seeking, the moment you realised where your path was going, the burning fire at the end of that tunnel of faith, the thing that took you further still, pushing you into an inferno of life. Desperation that took you where you should never have gone, burning away the Meaning from your soul.” She turned her face to him, her eyes moving frantically behind the lids. “Thus is your path laid out.”

Tears rolled down his cheeks unnoticed as he stared at her. She continued her blind, relentless assault on his being.

“The dice of the future, scattered far and wide, a map of all the places you will go. They display not paths, but promises. The promise of things to come, both fair and foul, but most importantly, the promise that things shall pass.” She opened her eyes at this and met his gaze, though he struggled to see her through a sea of tears that threatened to drown. Without looking away, she pointed at the dice in turn. “Void.” Her breath caught at that before she pointed at the one near his foot. “The Self.” A grimace. “Sanity.” A tear. “The World.” A small smile. 

He looked down at his hands lying dormant in his lap. 

“The Void that you seek, the call of nothingness, the allure of sweet blind eternity, a goal attainable. But for the Self. Your greatest ally, your worst enemy, the largest obstacle on your path.” Her eyes filled with tears, face a desperate reflection of his own. “There are a multitude of paths to reach your ends. And wherever your path goes, however you move on, you play that wretched game of life, which comes with prizes, and costs. The cost, common with an ambition like yours, though its exact meaning comes from within, is clear. Sanity.” He smiled at that. Her eyes widened. “And- And the prize, the reward for a lifetime of an endless trudge, a gain both fulfilling and selfless. The World.”

The room lay silent for moments that stretched across decades, the Caster grasping each dice and placing them in a large embroidered pouch. Each face fit the palm of her hand, and he stared at the paintings on the other faces, pictures that meant nothing until the dice were thrown. She pulled the drawstring shut, looking up at him. Tears had made glistening tracks, a miserable work of art across his face, and they felt cold as ice as a breeze whispered through the room. She cleared her throat, and he started, staring for a second before leaving the room that had been a lively bar not long ago. Stepping outside, he saw nothing as he walked away, reeling.

The Caster of the Dice sat in the bar as patrons came filing in. Her mind was on the reading she had just done, running itself weary on tracks that led nowhere. There had been far more power in the dice than she had anticipated, and she shivered, remembering the lack of control she had in the beginning. It was almost as though someone else had tried to do the reading for her, someone powerful. She closed her eyes. Was the problem with her? With bad luck? Or with the person she read for? Her eyes snapped open as the bar owner came up to her, slapping some money on the table. 

“Never do a reading here again.”

Savara stood in a throne room of modest proportions, back straight as she surveyed the messengers that had arrived for the king. One by one, they conveyed their messages, turning and leaving as they finished. The last one bowed deep, standing before the throne, and she perked up as she saw a familiar face. What business did he have here? 

“Sire, I bring news from the High Mage Cular.” The mage was the representative of the lightseekers in the kingdom, though he held no real power among them. “He says only this, that he has rooted out the head of the snake, and intends to cut it off now.”

The king nodded. “Commend him. That is honourable work he has done. When does he intend to finish it?”

“As soon as possible, sire.” The messenger smiled.

She felt a light panic course through her. Snakes, lightseekers, the head. She needed to move, but she was rooted in place. The messenger left the room, and she felt her breaths shortening. 

“Are you alright, Advisor? You look ill.” 

She started. “I- I think I am feeling somewhat sick. May I be excused, sir?” She bowed out as the king nodded, heart pounding as she made her way to her quarters. 
Savara sent the last of the messages, collapsing into her seat as she shut the lantern on the table. She had understood the message well enough. The Faction was in danger. If the High  Mage had truly found out who the leader was, something needed to happen. Exhaustion bathed her as she stood up, but she splashed some water in her face. She didn’t know how soon he would make a move, but she needed to be alert. Her plans were moving faster than she had expected, and things would not all work out. But she had no choice. 

She stepped out, pulling up the hood of her cloak, surveying the night before heading to the building she had specified. It was an old, dilapidated warehouse, used only by her and select members of the Faction. She slipped inside, keeping herself hidden as the others showed up, scouting the area to watch for spies. There was no one there, but she felt a prickling on the back of her neck, instincts warning her of unseen threats.

Stepping out into a shaft of moonlight, she smiled as the people around her jumped, soft curses quickly stifled as they recognised her. Her lips turned down as she remembered why they had come here. 

“We have been compromised.” She began without preamble. “Our plans will come into effect sooner than you’d like. I have already set the first phase into motion.”

Shocked faces in a circle. She grimaced inwardly. One of them has to be the rat. No one else knew the meeting place or the identities of the leaders. She edged closer to the exit, using illusions to avoid notice. 

“What are we going to do?” Someone spoke. 

She grinned. She could hear shuffling sounds outside. 

“You are going to die.” She ran out, confused shouts and the twangs of bows hounding her. She heard thumps, and the night was quiet once again. 

She hid in the shadows as the High Mage walked out, garrison trailing after him. He barely bothered to look around before dismissing the soldiers, turning around to head back home. Her grin grew. She followed him, watching as he turned down an empty street, stepping up to him and tapping his shoulder. She watched in amusement as his face went through several different expressions before she finally knocked him out. 
She was out of breath as she reached the palace, and she waved away the guards that approached, who gave her a wide berth once they recognised her. She made her way to the throne room, where she knew the king would still be. Entering the brightly lit chamber, she paused. The entire circle of advisors stared at her as she gave them a vicious smile, the fear on their faces making it clear that they knew who she was. 

The king turned to her, impassive. “Savara. What do you want?” 

“Your throne.”
Stepping through the plain wooden door to the short space behind the counter, he saw the front door shut behind the last of the recruiters, and he breathed a short sigh, still contemplating everything he had heard. The news was the same as it always was. War, the blasted spectre, hung still in the air around the borders of the empire, and everyone on both sides was tiring. There was talk of lowering the age for recruiting by a year to fifteen, but that was young enough to spark riots. Unrest flowed through the larger cities as food and water increased in value, every place slowly being choked by War. As the last month of the thirteenth year of fighting came to a close and summer loomed, the word “Peace” was in everyone’s minds, though no one knew what the Sun Empress thought of that. 

“Why that look?” His mothers husky voice shook him out of his reverie.

He shook his head. “Just thinking.”

She ran a hand through his hair, making it stand up in short brown spikes, like grass on a dead field. Her voice softened. “You should stop listening to them. It doesn’t do anything but make you pensive. None of that affects us here anyways.”

“But it does. When was the last time you had more than two occupied rooms here? And what of the rest of this sun-blinded town? Most of us have gone off to fight, Savvil knows how many of them will come back. And the rest of us are just hanging on.” 

She tapped his cheek, face hardening. “I know. And you don’t even remember what it was like before. But we can’t do much, and it won’t do for you to ignore the one thing you can do.”

“And what is that?”

“Hope.”
Anok was tired, his thoughts wading through his mind as he walked the corridors of the mansion at Rindan, making his way towards the Sun Empress. He tried to recall the events that had brought him here, but he could do no more than snippets. 

The man who had found him in the inn, who told him that he had power enough to join the Faction. 

His mother, eyes welling up, but hard beneath the film of tears. 

Riding across a huge road, familiar in that it passed through his town, yet at the same time completely alien.

He lurched out of his memories as doors creaked open, revealing to him a setting far more casual than he had expected. A small table sat near one end of the room, with fruit aplenty stacked on top, and a woman stood beside it. She smiled at him, gesturing to the table, and crossed her legs, leaning slightly against the wall behind her. Her hair was the deepest orange, and her skin was dark, with almost sickly yellow undertones. Her eyes were bright yellow, and every one of her features seemed sculpted, placed with absolute care and precision. 

“Hello.” Her voice was rough. “Welcome. Help yourself to some fruit. Do you know why you’re here?”

He nodded. 

“Lovely. And how are you feeling?” Her expression was friendly and open, and he found himself talking before he could think, speaking with an ease that he hadn’t realised he could have.

Once their conversation was over, he felt a vague sense of loss. She looked down at him, eyes widening slightly.

“Oh, I almost forgot. Some things you should know. All your things from before will be disposed of, because of a variety of concerns that I’m sure would bore you.” She tapped her chin. “You know, I’m forgetting most of the other things.” She chuckled. “I’m sure if it was relevant, I’d remember.”

A man opened the door, clearing his throat. 

“You can go with him now.” She gestured, standing up. “Good luck.”
Anok felt years older than the boy who had left his home two months earlier. His face was shadowed and his eyes retreated further into his skull at the sight of the fire before him. Several dark figures in robes of warm yellow and orange stood arrayed around the flames, but he ignored them, straining to see the shadows of his past lurking in the ashes. He crossed his arms, running his fingers along his new clothes. All of the possessions that he had brought with him lay ahead, already falling apart under the unforgiving heat. 

All except one. He reached under his sleeve, stroking the flat metal of the blade that lay concealed, a band of cold against his too-warm skin. 

His mother had given it to him at the last moment, as he stood at the threshold, stepping forward into a new life. Her eyes were full of unsaid words and unshed tears, but a hardness lay behind them as she sent her remaining son into a war that they had done their best to avoid. Her whispered words had carried themselves in the air, hovering beside his ear day and night. 

"A way out, if you want to take it."

Her last gift.

"Lanterns are a stupid idea, you know as well as I. Why are we carrying three of them?" They grumbled, as they had been for the entire walk from the camp. 

"Hm." Nemi voiced acknowledgment, without actually processing what was being said.

The cover of night swallowed up her quiet sounds, and mist trailed through the air, lingering quietly, brushing cold fingers down their backs. The two of them walked, headed to the top of a hill, known to them only in passing, pointed out by a superior a few hours past. The lanterns they carried were ornate cages of some dark metal, decorated with flowing patterns, a sun adorning the top and star-like shapes covering the leather that could be let down to cover the entire affair. They were large and cumbersome, moving about as they walked, and they had to shift their awkward grip every so often. 

The hill grew in their view as they neared, the first in a long line of hills that would border the next battle. On the other side of the hill they surveyed lay the enemy camp, a warren of small tents crowding around each other, reeking of desperation as they crouched behind the hills. They had been pushed back for weeks now, retreating further into their territory, yielding step after reluctant step. The Army of Light, as they liked to call themselves, had pushed hard, gaining more land for the Empress to play with. 

Nemi and her companion, a nameless face among dozens in her troop, trudged to the top of the hill, bending down in hopes of blending in with the night, dirt-covered faces hovering above dark clothing. Reaching the squat peak, they set down the lanterns, wincing at the noise as dust and rocks scraped against the bottom. 

“I hate this. I absolutely detest this.” Her companion’s whisper was rough as they reached for the flint. “This is suicide.” 

Nemi grunted. 

“Are you not concerned at all about what we’re doing?” 

“What does it matter?” Her voice was soft enough to be snatched by the mists before it was heard. Leaning over, she lit the lanterns, covering them with the leather flaps as quickly as she could, allowing only the barest glimpse of what was within. 

A soft gasp burst from her companion. “Unnatural, is what this is. The light isn’t flickering at all. What have we gotten mixed up in?”

Nemi grunted again, placing a finger on her lips. The moon was nearly at the zenith, and they had a job to finish. Looking up, her companion sighed.

“Let’s get this over with.”

Simultaneously, they lifted the flaps of all three lanterns, folding and tucking them so they wouldn’t fall, suddenly aware of their vulnerability. Making haste, they finished up just as a cautious shout was heard from the edge of the enemy camp that lay not fifty paces away. They ran fast as they could down the hill, taking care not to fall. They reached the bottom just as the light dimmed, and they turned back to see one of the lanterns covered yet again. Nemi looked at her companion.

“Leave it.” They hissed.

Without a word, Nemi turned back, jogging up the hill and crouching as she reached the top. The flames in the lanterns sat still, watching her as she walked over to the covered one and crouched, lifting the flap and securing it in place. More shouts echoed from the enemy camp, accompanied by other, more sinister sounds. The creak of bowstrings. The whispers of unsheathing blades. Her heart pounded as she straightened as much as she dared, running away. Which is why her back was turned when the quarrel hit, pushing her down the slope to tumble until she came to a rest face up at her companion’s feet, eyes cold and unseeing in the fog. 

“Oh, Lohan burn this.” 

The companion ran.
Sameera strolled across the arid land that lay between the two armies sprawled on the ground. The hill that marked the beginning of a short range lit up, and she relaxed, a bright smile settling on her lips to display itself to the mists. Her face split wider as two other people fell into step on either side of her, wearing similar maroon robes, hoods drawn back to reveal faces with less expression, but just as much emotion. There was a bounce in their step as they reached the bottom of the hill, hindered only slightly by the body that lay at the bottom. Come dawn, there would be many deaths, just as there had been before. One more meant nothing if it was in aid of stopping the enemy for good. 

The lantern light shone against the dark of night, a steady glow that dimmed as they each drew upon a lantern, slowly edging around the perimeter of the hill, coming to a stop in front of the enemy camp. Sameera bent the light around them, forming camouflage around the three of them as they walked towards the enemy, their steps even, in time with their deep breaths. She felt like her veins were on fire, filled with the light that lent her power, and she steadied herself, trying to slow her heart as it threatened to burst out of her. Running over the instructions in her mind, she raised both hands, sleeves slipping back to reveal veined, muscular arms, making the other two come to a stop a step behind her. She took a couple of deep breaths before realising that nothing would slow her pulse, and she gave up. The light fills you up, and if you draw upon it enough, it runs out of space. The words had given her pause then, and they did now too. They had taught that if you overextended yourself, you died. Terribly. But now they told her to do it? With the revelation that it was supposed to help? It was all very confusing. But she knew not to question. All of them had received the same orders, and they worked in unison, slowly, haltingly, feeling their way forward with blind fingers as they reached for their limits and broke them. 

The lanterns were always brighter than they needed to be. It was always good to have power in reserve. But this time, the lanterns nearly went dark, flickering against the mists that threatened to overwhelm them. She felt her veins burn, certain that her flesh was going dark, slowly crumbling to ash, and just as she reached her breaking point, her mind cleared, and she felt her body get lighter. She loosed a soft sigh, echoed on either side, suddenly aware of everything around her. So far, so good. They hadn’t been lying. 

She knew what was happening now. Lowering her arms, she walked forward slowly, feeling lighter than she ever had, steps longer and surer, the world slowing down around her. They approached the enemy camp and slipped off in three directions, each with the same task in mind. They were to move to the centre of camp, slitting throats along the way, before announcing their presence. What happened next, she wasn’t sure. She hadn’t thought she’d make it this far. Drawing on the lantern that was far away now, she felt it spark and stutter. She’d have to make do with what she had.

The camp was quiet as she wound her way through and between tents, snapping necks as easily as twigs, cutting off yells with her fingernails, a distant part of her gibbering in horror at the things she saw. The things she did. Reaching a clearing, she decided that she had gone far enough, and she bellowed at the top of her lungs. Which was far louder than she thought it would have been. Another effect of whatever she was doing? Alarms sounded, and cries of fear as the people she had left alive saw the people around them, a motley assortment of people rushing towards her. Some had armour and weapons in hand, while others clearly held the first thing they had found before coming out. And in that moment, staring at the people encircling her, she understood what she had to do. 

Make them hurt.

The next few minutes were a blur, her enhanced muscles carrying her in a whirl, people dropping like rain where she went. Years of combat training sang triumphant in her head as she revelled in her newfound strength, barely noticing small pricks and scratches that slowly tattooed her entirely, marks from the blades that managed to lift themselves before she towered over their wielders, a monolith of destruction. People broke easily as eggshells, and she roved through all who stood before her, chilled by the breeze that flayed her torn skin. Facing off against several people, she finally staggered, only a slightest slip, but they saw the weakness, preying upon it, hounding her, surrounding her, faces lit with hope and desperation and fear. Their blades cut deeper and deeper, blood running down her in runnels that turned to torrents as she pushed her body beyond its limits. 

Her lantern extinguished.

She collapsed. 

Malini sat in her chambers, anticipation coursing through her as she struggled to stay still. Her nervous energy radiated off of her, and she winced as an attendant tugged at her hair. 

“The less you move around, the faster this will end.” The words were stern, but the voice that said them was gentle. She looked into the mirror, meeting her maid's eyes, giving her a tentative smile. "That's better." 

She sighed as the attendants finished with her, avoiding her painted face in the mirror, a mask so unlike the one she wore daily. Usha herded the attendants out before coming and standing behind her, making eye contact through the mirror. 

“How are you feeling?”

She considered the question. “I can’t wait for this to be over.”

“Already excited for your wedding night?” There was a gleam in her maid’s eyes. 

Malini blushed. “I’m just tired of all the festivities.” Which was also true. There had been five days of feasting already, each one increasing in size and scope until this day, when everyone within miles of the palace could attend this final celebration. 

“Of course.” She patted her shoulder absently. “And how has the princess been?”

“She seems good. I haven’t had much chance to speak to her since they arrived, what with everything.” 

“Oh.” She straightened. “Well, after today, I’m sure you’ll have more than enough time to catch up. And do other things too, I’m sure.” 

“Usha!” Malini laughed, her stress forgotten. “That’s very inappropriate of you.”

“Oh, I know.” 

Their laughter cut off as the door opened and her brother walked in. Usha bowed, and Malini grinned, standing. 

“Greetings, my Khan.” Usha stood up. “I’ll leave you two alone.” 

“Thank you, Usha.” He flashed a smile at her before turning to his sister. “And you! I knew the blue would look brilliant on you.” 

“Yes, of course.” She raised her hands and spun in a circle. “You would have said the same regardless of the colour.”

“What can I say, sister mine? You would have looked resplendent regardless of the colour of your dress.”

She punched his shoulder and he yelped, rubbing his arm. “What are you doing here?” 

“I wanted to see how you were doing.” He tucked a strand of light green hair behind his ear, his hairdo already falling apart. “And I wanted to delay doing my royal duties for just a bit longer.”

She pushed him. “You should go. Wouldn’t want to keep the crowds waiting. Wouldn’t want to keep me waiting.”

He pulled a face. “Yes.” He embraced her before leaving the room. “Good luck.” 

She sighed as Usha walked back into the room. “How long till we have to go?” 

“We should start walking now, Khatun. Your escorts await.”

They walked out of the room, Usha adjusting her necklace. A group of five guards in ceremonial armour fell into step around her, silent as death. The ornaments in her hair were giving her a headache, and she felt a drop of sweat running down her neck, and the heat was oppressive, but her heart lifted the moment she stepped out into the gardens. Decorations hung from every tree, and people filled the area, cheering as she walked down one side of the garden and onto the podium in the centre.  Her heart beat faster as she looked at the crowds, and she waited for Kamile. She smiled at her brother, standing on the podium behind her. 

A murmur ran through the crowd as a man ran up to the podium, beckoning the Khan and whispering in his ear. She frowned as his face paled and he stood up shakily. He avoided eye contact as she tried to ask him about the message, turning to the crowds assembled before them. 

“There’s a slight issue. I- I don’t think we’ll be able to do this today.” 

And with those cryptic words, he spun and left, the crowd dissolving into angry muttering behind him. Malini turned as a guard put a hand on her arm, drawing her away. 

“What happened?”

“I’m sorry, my Khatun, we should leave. We will escort you somewhere safe and let the Khan brief you.” 

Panic coursed through her. “Kamile! Is she okay?”

“We should leave, Khatun.” Another one of them walked up to her. 

She acquiesced, knowing that none of them would tell her anything without the Khan’s approval. They headed into the castle, the crowd starting to clamour as they realised that they weren’t getting the wedding they expected to see. They walked through the hallways, her guards clinging closer to her than usual, and her mind whirled. The room they headed to was near the centre of the palace, and she was ushered into a meeting room, one that she recognised the Councillors often met in. Two of the guards stayed outside while the other three filed in behind her. She pulled out a chair and sat heavily, leaning her head back. 

This was not going the way she had imagined. 
He woke up that day knowing that it was his last. He couldn’t explain how he knew, but he could feel it in the depths of his soul. Laying in bed, he took the measure of his life, years running through his head like moments. The moment he grew up, the moment he loved, the moment he cried. Everything condensed into a single moment as he sat up, trying to conjure tears, face twisting into an approximation of a cruel smile as he realised that, though his heart lay beating within his chest, he had died a long time ago. He got up.

Looking in the mirror, he contemplated. What had he truly accomplished? Where had he left an impact? Living alone in his home, far from anyone he could call family, he chuckled slightly. An insane chuckle, to be sure, for the humour in the situation was bleak at best, but his laughter was not mirthless. He had taken the measure of his life, weighed it on a scale of sorts, and found that it had no weight at all. His memories lay as empty husks, taking up space, yet impactless. His laughter rung in his empty house, cold and unforgiving, battering against his ears, pushing into his mind, a reminder of the countless deaths he had experienced, waking memories of the myriad lives he had lived. 

He had taken the measure of his life, and had found that it fell short. He smiled. It had been good while it lasted, he supposed. He stepped out to face the day, turning his face to the sun as he did every morning, feeling its warmth holding his face, a touch more gentle that he had known. His steps took him through his world, motions that were over-familiar to him at this point, allowing his mind to wander, through the dark caverns in his mind that he had ignored for as long as he could. He grinned again. What better time to accept the past than when there is no hope for the future? 

He sat at a table, his mind slowly tiring of running in circles as he ate. The world took on a vividity that he hadn’t seen before as he dropped his spoon. 
The Queen slipped through the dimly lit alleys of Roit, his shadow rippling across the cobbles. The night was quiet in this end of the Gardening District, with the occupants of every mansion in the area gathered near the centre, in the singular brightly lit house, a beacon in the darkness. He slowed to a stop when the sounds of the gathering started to wash over him, hovering within sight of the windows, lurking on top of the large awnings that every rich person seemed to adore. He grinned, the expression lost behind the cloth covering his face. Settling down on his haunches, he watched the mansion, waiting. He ran through his plan in his head again to pass the time. 

Halfway through his third repetition, he saw a carriage roll up the drive, stopping in front of the door. He edged around the house in an attempt to get a clear view of the person coming out. It was her. His eyes narrowed as he watched her board, slipping ahead of the horses as he moved to the street the carriage was turning down. Padding alongside the carriage, the sounds of his footsteps masked by the clop of hooves and the rattle of lanterns, he waited till the procession slowed as it manoeuvred around a corner. He jumped down, landing on the roof as it listed, a wheel getting stuck in a rut. He cursed his luck, struggling to keep his balance and stay quiet. He crouched down further while the attendants stepped out and the horses strained to lift the carriage out of the furrow. The servants started pushing from behind, and he took his chance, a slight smile on his face as he abandoned the plan he had rehearsed so carefully. 

He leaned over one end of the carriage, looking through a gap in the curtain at the jaded face of the noblewoman within, his smile growing wider as he tapped on the glass, pulling himself back up again, hearing a soft gasp almost masked by the grunts of the people behind. He waited a moment before tapping the glass once again, not bothering to lean his whole head over this time, using his other hand to reach into a pocket. He heard a tenuous tap from within, and felt mirth bubble up within him. He knocked on the glass several times with his fist, moving his hand about, and stifled a laugh on hearing the window scrape open. He looked down on her head as she looked around, savouring the moment before he opened his fist, showering her with rose petals. The carriage lurched, starting to move once again, and he grimaced. He hated rushing jobs. Her face had barely turned to him, and he doubted she had even seen him, but he reached down, hands brushing her neck as he slit her throat. He gently pushed her back into the carriage, letting go of the last of the petals before standing. He took a deep breath before jumping onto a nearby roof, slipping away just as he heard exclamations from behind. 

He breezed through the night, vaulting over the hoses until he reached the edge of the district, where the roofs started to become higher as buildings gained stories, getting taller the further they moved from the richest part of the city. Jumping down into the streets, he walked into a familiar alley, reaching for the pile of scrap at the end, under which was a set of clothes he changed into, stuffing his other outfit into a bag just as he heard the ring of alarms from beyond. Making his way out, he headed back to his house, heart beating with excitement and anxiety. He steadied his walking pace and schooled his expression, doing his best to look more like a common thief and less like an infamous assassin. 

His bed was a welcome sight, but he refrained from collapsing within, heading instead to the wall covered in curtains, drawing them partway to reveal a complex looking chart covered with scribbles in tiny handwriting. Some boxes stood out in the pattern, more than a dozen of them, one of them coloured completely red, writing barely visible through the paint. He chuckled to himself as he brought a brush to the wall, filling in a second square. 

He slept for nearly an entire day afterwards, and woke up with a smile on his face.

Raja sat at her desk doing her best to stay awake while she trudged through the report that had been sitting on her desk for the past hour. She ran her hands through her short hair, pulling at strands as she read the same paragraph for the third time. The Queen had struck again. She rubbed her hand along her forehead, organising her thoughts. This was the second time this week, after a two week break, and she could not find a connection between the victims that was worth investigating. She had brought in the herbalist and the mage in last week in an attempt to trace those damned rose petals, but that had gone nowhere. The petals apparently each came from a different flower, from places all over the city, which seemed bloody impractical when you thought about it, so she didn’t bother thinking. She had three eyewitnesses that saw “a shadow running away”, and five notes, one left with each victim. She stared into the distance, thinking about the damned flowers again and she scowled when someone waved a hand in front of her face. 

“What?” She looked up.

“I have something you might find interesting.” They raised a piece of paper in their hands.

“I swear if it's another-"

"Nope." They put the paper down.

She stared at it. "It's a blank piece of paper. Revolutionary." She turned back to the report. "Now if you'll excuse me, I have actual work to do, Sergeant Jeset."

Their eyebrows lifted. "This is an important blank sheet. It's the same one used in the notes."

She gave them a sharp glance. "Where did you get it? When?"

"I told you it'd be interesting." They grinned.

"Out with it."

"It's from a papermaker who runs a shop at the edge of the Gardening District. Their papers are pretty widely used in lots of legal documents because of their purported high quality, and they use a technique that's slightly different from other papermakers apparently, though that part of the conversation flew far above my head."

"So they make unique papers that are also widely used."

"That's right." 

"And the location took you how long to figure out?"

They looked away. 

"We need to figure out who buys their papers, though I can't imagine that leading anywhere, since the notes could have been cut from less than three of these sheets." She picked up the paper in question. "It might be useful to have the store watched, though there's no reason the Queen can't have enough paper at home for a few weeks." She grimaced.

The sergeant nodded along. 

She reached for her notebook. “Off you go then.”

The train screamed through the city every two days, schedule unknown. It never stopped, not at any of the two junctions or five stations scattered throughout that bare skeleton of civilization. The train was a winding brown snake, entering and exiting the city, leaving the echoes of the damned in its wake. the carriages rattled along rusted tracks, making turns that threatened to tip, screeching as they made their way towards… somewhere. Some of them had torn roofs, large faults ripped out, seemingly easily as paper. windows were burned into smooth impenetrable sides, revealing nothing but blackness. Every so often, people would look at the train and see another wheel missing, disappearing into the void beyond the vague boundaries that separated the city from the world outside. 

They were known as the Seekers, so named for their yearning to look at more than they knew. They stood at junctions, waiting at stations, for their one connection to the world. The train rolled in on time, every time, and they tried to hitch a ride. starting a sprint, running alongside it, slowly picking up their speed and trying to latch on to holes in the walls. sharp juts of metal cut into their will, and even the firmest of them would reconsider, but by that time it was too late. the train would whiz past, and they would hang on and be carried out, into the unknown. no one knew what happened after. The train, at least within the city, was too fast to jump off. maybe it was different beyond. None of them ever came back to tell the story. But they kept going, one after the other, following each other into the abyss with a resolution born of desperation. 

The city itself was almost like the train, stained with rust and blood, falling apart at the seams, yet still tumbling through a semblance of routine. people walked the streets, tired to the point of breaking, slowly fading. The only patch of colour in the sepia landscape was the Greenhouse, a small piece of land bound by sharp, ochre walls, protected by people no one dared cross. The walls stood at almost a metre, tapering into thin sheets before melding into a clear dome, like glass. the only entrance was guarded, they knew. The lack of actual people securing the perimeter fooled no one. people could be seen bustling within the Greenhouse, but their faces were nothing more than vague memories, remembered only as blurs. None of them lived there, and once they stepped out of that bubble of life, they became people once again, anonymous as everyone else. people stood outside the dome, waiting for the workers to clock off, but the hours would tick by, and they would forget what they were doing and wander away just as the workers would leave. On reaching home, they would recall their purpose, and head out once again, determined to catch the people exiting. but they would find no one.

The Greenhouse was the only source of sustenance in the city. They grew food there, and other things. And every day, a single vehicle would leave from the gates, the only thing on wheels that the people saw besides the train, and masked people would distribute packs of tasteless food from within. People crowded around the van, clamouring for attention, hoping to be one of the lucky people who would get a meal that day. 

Only one living creature stayed inside the Greenhouse. the Agriculturalist. no one knew who, or what, it was. no one dared refer to it as a human, but they were terrified to accept it as something else. She had seen it, once. She still had dreams about it sometimes. It definitely seemed human at first glance, but the more one looked, the more oddities one would notice. Its smile was too wide, its arms too long, its skin too thin. Seeing it was what had led her here, to the platform. She stood there, watching the group of Seekers huddled at the other end, talking in low whispers, occasionally glancing at her questioningly. She shook her head. She had a life here. Or at least, she had something. She worked, and got food regularly. That was more than could be said of most. 


Savalkinara became the natural leader of their group, their newborn pantheon. They stood arrayed on a raised platform in the middle of the city, an unnatural rise in the ground that was yet another testament to their power. People filed into the square, and she grinned at them, oblivious of her red-stained teeth as they averted their gazes. Turning to the others, she spread her arms, limned in sunlight, her smile wide, the very image of all they had hoped to become. They looked at her, squinting as the sun caught in each of their eyes, faces flush with fledgling powers, excitement spreading through them like a plague as they contemplated the future. She faced the crowd once more, blind in her anticipation, deaf to the whispers of the people before her. She opened her mouth to speak, but a shout from the masses silenced her. She narrowed her eyes. 

“Who dares interrupt me?”

All was silent for a moment. Hundreds of eyes met her own as she searched the crowd, disillusionment slowly taking over as she saw the spark of defiance in more than one person. Seconds passed like hours. More than one person? She saw it in everyone. Her heart grew cold. 

A noise from behind dragged her out of contemplation. A light touch on her shoulder brought her back to the moment. She composed herself, starting to speak once more. She addressed her new subjects, the population of the kingdom that they had inherited. Her face brightened. Things were working out. She just had to turn the population to their side. Easier said than done? She watched the unforgiving faces of the people, and wished she had let Asmeera do this instead. 

She locked eyes with a person in the center of the mass. Her voice faltered as she saw something within them, a burning fire in which even she could drown. A hatred that ran deep, that threatened rebellion. She stared at them as she talked, watching the flames behind their eyes flicker. Their hands twitched, and she grinned at the futility of the gesture. The fire jumped. They clapped, once, short applause as though in appreciation of her incomplete performance. Heads turned, and whispers rippled out through the crowd. 

Everything fell silent, and her words died out. People moved in unison, unexplainable movements. Until she saw the gleam of blades in their hands. Her muscles clenched in anticipation of movement, ready to throw herself to safety, and she felt the ones behind her set wards. All in vain, as it turned out, when everyone shifted their hands, raising their arms in a last, useless defiant gesture before slitting their own throats and falling to the ground, the only sound that of people hitting the ground. 
Maur sat at the tavern, buying drinks with money that had never really been his. Downing his third drink, he staggered out of the building, making his woozy way in a direction that may or may not have been towards home. Making his way up potentially familiar steps, he collapsed right outside a door that somewhat resembled his own. 

The morning brought an unfamiliarly bright light, shadowed by a bulky person that might have been his landlord, saying words that his fuzzy brain could not comprehend. And he felt a grip on his hand as the floor got further away, until a sharp smack cleared away all the fog. The ever-grumpy face of his landlord stared at him for a moment before grunting something that sounded suspiciously like “You’re evicted.”

“Wait, what?!” Maur trailed after him, tugging at his sleeve.

“You haven’t paid anything for three months now. Today was your deadline.” Another series of grunts as the hulking landlord stopped, causing Maur to stumble. 

“But I have the money you need!”

“Use it to rent another house then. The next tenant is ready to move in. Which reminds me, they’re coming tomorrow, so you and all your things have to be gone by then.”

“What-” His words trailed uselessly as the landlord swept away, ignoring his protestations. 

And so he resigned himself to his fate, though not without some bitterness directed towards his landlord. He trudged to his apartment, looking at all his worldly possessions that had to be boxed by the next day. With a sigh, he left the house to get some boxes.  

Packing hadn’t taken as long as he thought it would, and he finally plopped down on one of the boxes. He had asked someone to help him find another house, and till then he was going to keep his things with his friend Kali, who had a spare room in her home. He looked out of the window, feeling sentimental, seeing as this was probably be the last time he saw the view. The middle hour had passed, and it was dark and quiet on the lonely streets outside his house. He was staring at the window, his eyes slowly drifting closed, when he was startled awake by an odd, strangled scream. Quickly jumping to his feet and heading to the window, he saw nothing except a flash of light, and a face, staring right at him. He felt a cold fear flash through his chest as he shot down, crouching against the wall. 

It would be so much easier to kill someone if they couldn’t run. Hopefully the eye contact was enough to keep the pesky bystander away. Most humans can barely walk after it. The ones that can are smart enough to leave. But anyways, back to the task at hand.

Maur put his hand to his chest as it rose and fell, faster than he would have liked it to. Black threatened the edge of his vision as he stood, looking over to the window again. He immediately wished he hadn’t. He saw a young girl, a frightened look on her face, and an indiscernible figure towering over her, casting shadows over her stricken face. And he heard a voice, almost in his head. 

At least she won't scream now, thank [goodness]. Now that there are no more watchers, I can finally consume in peace. 

Clutching his head, Maur stumbled across the room as he heard an unholy scream that could only have been that of the girl. But it wasn’t out loud. He heard it in his head, and it threatened to split him in half. 

Ugh, why does she have to be one of those people? I’m going to have a terrible headache after this. But I have no choice now. I guess I might as well get to work.

It was at this point that Maur collapsed, reeling with pain. 


The next morning was a blur, and he forgot the events of the last night. He had to move all his boxes to Kali’s house, and though there weren’t very many, it took quite a while. When at last it was all done, he made sure to leave a mess behind to spite his landlord. 

Kali was welcoming as usual as he walked into her house, her round dark face glowing, “It’s been quite a while, Maur. You should visit more often.”

“Well, you’ll be seeing a lot of me in the next few days. Think of that as an apology for not visiting.” Maur said, smiling. It had been a while since he had met Kali, and he missed their banter. He associated it with the time before, and that always made him nostalgic. 

“Are you sure you don’t want to stay with me?”

“No it’s good, I can stay at the inn nearby. Don’t worry about me.”

Kali smiled. “It would be nice to have company though. I haven’t seen people since I went out for supplies some moons ago.”

Maur turned to her, grinning. “Fine, I’ll stay. As long as you promise to let me go once I find a place.”

“Of course. Why would I not?” Kali embraced him. She hid it, but Maur knew how much the company meant to her. The pain of solitude liked to hang around behind the bags in her eyes and in the curve of her mouth. And to be fair, Maur also welcomed the company. 
we were gods. the world used to kneel to us. but it came for us, like it always did. not death. death was easy. it was much worse. 

forgotten gods had a special place in heaven. we could see all that happened, but were powerless to affect them in any way. events occurred, and we spectated silently. not that we had much choice. our power came from below, and none of that was in our control anymore. all we could do now was reminisce. we remembered the times when we were the strongest around, backed by millions. when we could walk into a room and everyone would be drawn to our power. but those days had passed. and we were left to float among the clouds, unseen and unknown. watching over the others, scrutinizing their every move, noting how their power changed over time. observation had become one of our strong suits. it was the only thing we could do, after all.

one day, things changed. we felt a spark. a single, tiny flame burst to life. we had been rediscovered. the fire brought hope, but also despair. it was miniscule, after all. what chance did it stand against the winds of change that blew the sands of time, arranging and rearranging? so we watched it, nurtured it, kept it alive. and it survived. against all odds. hope grew, and we hovered among the skies, waiting to be seen. waiting to be loved once again. a new life had sprung up inside us. a new joy. 

the flame grew. oh, it grew. larger and larger, growing in power, slowly warming aching joints. bringing back vigor to a dying form. we could hardly contain our excitement as the world seemed to take on the mantle of colour once again. as everything seemed to brighten. we slowly stretched, taking in our surroundings. the chill of the air above the clouds bit into us, and we shivered with a smile. sensation had returned to us. but rather than descend back to the heavens, we waited. we built our fire, feeding the flames from the shadows, waiting for the moment where the fire would be bright enough to reveal us. we stayed in our chilly abode, embracing every breath of air that made its way into our lungs. and finally, the warmth within was sufficient, and we shivered no more. all was well, and power coursed through us. more than we had had for so long. it was exhilarating. 

our descent was slow and deliberate. everyone watched, both shocked and horrified. but our power quelled all dissent, and our mere presence quieted them all. striding to the center, we strove to claim what was rightfully ours. the throne was bright against the gloom of night, reflecting our glory. staring up at the one in the chair, we smiled. they paled, standing up to us, unsteady but determined. we stared back into their eyes, gaze reaching into their soul, slowly bending their knees backward until they fell to the ground. turning to stunned watchers, our smile widened. we settled into the throne. it was as comfortable as it had been all those centuries ago.

Peri stood on the bluff, wind whipping at her hair, exhaustion pooling in her limbs, threatening to make her collapse. She'd spent all day searching for a way to reopen the portal that had taken Mahim, the first person she had come close to calling a friend in decades. Her reserves were drained dry, and without her power she could barely see straight, but she gathered herself again. She had to find him, to save him or to mourn him. Either way, she had to know, had to see his face again. She turned as she felt power convalescing behind her, shaping what little she had left into an attack that might just stop a leaf blowing in her direction. Her eyes widened as she recognised the patterns that made a portal, and a spark of hope straightened her spine as she took an involuntary step towards it. Her sense told her to stay back, that he was nowhere near strong enough to make a portal on his own, that this could well be a threat, but that spark pulled her forwards. Swirling magic settled into a form and she could see a shape standing behind the screen, a swaying shape that surged forward as the portal cleared, fuzzy outlines sharpening into the features she knew so well. His clothes were tattered and covered in blood, and he'd gotten a haircut sometime in the last two hours, but he was alive. He stumbled through the portal that snapped shut behind him, and she ran, catching him before he hit the ground. His breaths were ragged, his face twisted in pain, but he eyed her, lifting his head and giving her a grin. His face was blurred through her tears but she heard him speak. 

"You won't believe the day I've just had." 

And with that, he slumped back, unconscious.
The city was quiet. A front for all the things that trailed through it in the dark, hiding in the salt that flowed through the air. She waited at a street corner, hidden in shadow, drawing closer to the wall every time a patrol walked past. The pack she carried burrowed into her back, straps pulling against her shoulders, the weight of her life dragging her down. She could feel a pressure on her leg like a knife, reminding her of an old wound, earned in a place and time quite similar to this. 

The man who walked up to her was tall and lanky, limbs flailing about in the awkward way only certain kinds of people could manage. He had dark hair that hadn't seen water in days, hanging down in ropes to brush his shoulders, framing a hard face with narrow lips and a broad nose. His eyes were the deep reddish brown common in the area, and they shifted around as he walked, observing his surroundings. 

"You're the investigator?" He spoke quietly with a voice that had a rough quality people loved. 

"Depends. Who's asking?" 

"None of your business. I need something done. Someone's gone missing, needs to be found." 

"And is their name as elusive as yours?" She understood the need for privacy that some people had, but that didn't mean that it wasn’t damned annoying. 

"It's Calash Apaya."

"You mean the Overseer has gone missing? How do you know this? Who are you?" The last question was mostly rhetorical. The Overseer was an important person, administrator of the port city of Panagon, a man from the empire like everyone else in power. No one knew he had disappeared, clearly. Except this guy.

The man in question whipped his head toward her, a dangerous glint in his eyes. He stepped closer to her. "You can stop asking for my identity now. It would be unfortunate if I had to make use of someone else for this task. It would leave you in a rather… unsafe position."

She almost snorted. "Of course. So you want me to find him? And once I do, bring him back home?"

"I'd just like to know his whereabouts." 

Fiery suspicion ran down her throat like alcohol after a long day, but she bit back questions. It wouldn't do to have a customer attack her, or walk away. She needed the business. After the empire took the city, the area where her office was located was requisitioned for the army, and most places were selling for prices far above her pay grade. And it's not like she would take her customers home. Or anyone, for that matter. You ran into dangerous people in this line of work. 

"I can get that done. But I'm warning you, I don't do cheap work."

"That's not a problem." Ah. So he was rich. Very rich. That narrowed down the possibilities quite a bit.

She grinned, a feral expression mostly lost in the shadows that blanketed her. "I'm glad. I'll find you every other night to give reports."

He shifted his weight back and forth, settling into a position where his face caught the light from a nearby street lantern perfectly. Light glinted off the golden pin on his cloak, and her grin split wider. His shoulders dropped and the pin shifted out of the light, but she knew what she had seen. The pin was a simple circle with a small carving, a symbol that she knew well. And only one person wearing that pin would be ostentatious enough to make it in gold. 

"You cannot find me." His voice was lathered in a bravado that she now knew was false. 

"Oh, we'll see about that, won't we?" She turned from him. "Lord Iket." She did her best to make the title sound like an insult. 

He stood staring at her back for a second before walking away as briskly as he could. 
Every cell in my body screamed at me indignantly as I approached him. All my common sense told me to stop, to leave, to run and never turn back, just as I thought he had. But somehow I was drawn to him. 

She stopped in front of him, matching his lucid gaze with her own. There was no trace of the turmoil in her head on her face, and her expression was calm as she looked at him. He raised his eyebrows in shock. 

“Now there’s a face I didn’t expect to see here.”

“I come here everyday. You knew that. What do you want?”

His smile faltered as he realised his charms wouldn’t work on her anymore.

Except they did, goodness. All too well.

 She stood her ground, squaring off a little more, crossing her arms and looking at him quizzically. Her expectant gaze was met with raised hands, denial. He searched for words, looking around, anywhere but her eyes. 

“Well if you don’t need anything…” She turned and started off. 

“No wait. I- I can’t- I need your help.” 

She stopped dead in her tracks, turning her head slightly. “It’s been months. No texts, no calls, no contact whatsoever, not even a postcard, and now you need my help?”

“It’s gotten bad. I can’t- I can’t do this alone anymore. I need you.”

“It’s too late for that.” 

I can’t do this. Not anymore. I thought it was love, and maybe it was, but that was then. That was a different time. 

She stalked off, confidence growing with each step. There was no way she was going back, not after what he did. She knew what had happened to him. Everyone did. You don’t almost kill a supervillain without drawing attention. Almost. People loved him, and hated him. And he was already drawing attention, kneeling on the lawn. She was almost reveling in his embarrassment. Leaving the area, her mind racing, she wondered if it was really a good idea to be leaving him there. He clearly didn’t know how to handle himself. 

Am I… actually regretting walking away from him?

She shook her head, trying to clear the thoughts, knowing that he would be fine. He was like that. Stubbornly happy. But her thoughts were interrupted by a hand on her shoulder, almost immediately caught and twisted before she realised who it was. 

“What are you doing?” She dropped his arm, trying to push him away, but she stopped as she got a good look at him.

Goodness, what happened?

He looked broken. There was no other word for it. His face crestfallen, his hands weak and shaking, slouching, almost falling over. Dark circles ringed his eyes. 

“Help me. Please. I have nowhere else to go.”

So that’s why he came back.

"Where have you been all this while?"

He opened his mouth to speak, but his voice cracked, and he doubled over, coughing aggressively. 
The elders gathered around the table, covered in white, bloodstained cloth, waiting for the leader to arrive. Murmurs ran like shivers through the gathering crowd behind the council as everyone examined the entrance expectantly. A silhouette appeared at the opening and everyone froze, and the torches seemed to dim when he walked into the cavern. Pushing back the hood of his cloak, he shook out the snow from his hair, sprinkling glittering snowflakes on the ground near him. His silver hair shone in the faint light, and his expression hardened as he made his way to the head of the table. They bowed their heads toward him in respect, and he nodded towards them as he sat. Everyone followed suit, slowly sinking into their stools, waiting for him to make a move. He looked at each one of them in turn, acknowledging their presence, slowly assessing the emotions playing across their faces. And with a wave of his hand, the first Council began. 

The woods were dark, even on the brightest days, and everyone took care to stay far away from them. It was said that whispers sounded from within, and nothing was as it seemed. It was a rare soul that stepped foot inside those woods, and an even rarer one that emerged. The trees all looked normal from without, inconspicuous and benign, but those who came out alive spoke of how they were as animals, roaming the forests and eating of tiny creatures. All the stories ran through her mind as she raised the lantern she held, trying to see between the trees. But they seemed to consume the light coming from the flame, and she soon gave up, leaving her lantern by the roots of a moss-covered tree, losing sight of it within seconds. Venturing deeper into the forest, she groped blindly, steps slow so as to avoid falling. It would be dangerous to fall here, she felt. Though none of the trees moved as the stories said they did, she sensed movement all around her, seeing shadows in the dark flitting about. Faint voices called her name, and she almost turned to them, the desire to follow pulling her away from her path. Yet she continued straight, mind twisting her perceptions, until she could almost see the faint smells of fire, and hear the wisps of smoke she was sure were there. Yet the world burned dark, and no glow of flame was visible. Stumbling over a root, she gasped, almost falling but for the hands that held her back. Breaths audible now, she turned towards the soft glow that warded off the dark better than the sun, seeing a veiled figure much greater than her, and she felt warm, sharp points sliding into her as the trees embraced her. 

The dust around the shop was always swirling through the air, illuminated by the shafts of light that pushed their way through the murky windows. Jostled about by the constant movement of bottles and people around the room, they eventually found their way to the back, settling in the comfy corners, before being thrown around once again by a blast of cold air from the open door. Following those movements with his eyes, he stepped across the threshold, hand laid on the door, looking for him. Slowly shutting the door behind him, he let out a soft, misty breath, peering into the darkness. 

“Do you need something?” A smiling voice came from behind him and he jumped, letting out a small yelp. 

Turning, he saw the person he had come for doubled over, silently convulsing with laughter. 

"Couldn't have been that funny." He frowned, turning around and looking at []'s quaking figure, hearing him wheeze. 

[] straightened after an age, clutching his side, face bright, joyful, seeming to light up the darkness. Walking to the back of the shop, he sat at a dusty stool, brushing it off with their hand before sitting down. 

"What do you need today?"

() walked around the store slowly, picking up the things that he needed, avoiding looking at the other's face. Weaving around the people that sparsely populated the room, he finally made his way to the counter, eyes fixed on the plants in his hands, placing them on the table, making dust bloom in tiny clouds. Letting out a tiny breath, making dust loop through the air, he deigned to look up at look [] in the eye. 

"How much?" 


She lay in bed, watching the lamp spin overhead. It was raised some way off the ground, revolving in mid-air above her, and she stared at it with a vague fascination, eyes almost unfocused. Carefully, she brought the lamp to a halt, and it hung there, waiting. But she gasped as her head burned, and her concentration wavered. The lamp fell, pulled downwards, landing on her stomach, making her grunt in pain. Reaching out to catch it before it rolled off the bed, she placed it on her bedside table, contemplating it before deciding to go to sleep. She turned over, catching her breath, closing her eyes as exhaustion rolled over her in waves. 

The next morning was painful, her breaths stinging as she felt a new bruise on her rib from the night before. Getting up, she made her uneasy way to the bathroom, looking at her clock for the time before remembering that it was broken. Being as quiet as she could, she washed her face, trying to rinse off the tiredness. But it stuck to her, huddled in the bags under her eyes and behind the permanent furrow between her eyebrows. Stepping out of her room, she gingerly made her way down the stairs, avoiding the creaky floorboards, to find her roommate watching her efforts with amusement.

"It's almost 10am."

Her whole body tensed before she registered that it was a Sunday. She sighed, collapsing onto the single sofa. 

"I heard you last night. What fell this time?" 

"The lamp."

They walked over to her. "You really need to be more careful. Perhaps find better times to practice, if you really must. Now show me what you've done to yourself." They glared at her as she slowly lifted her t-shirt to reveal the greenish bruise just under her ribs, barely visible through her olive brown skin. 

"It's alright, really."

"It's not too bad thankfully, but can you please stop levitating things right above you? Especially things that could injure you. Don't worry about the noise so much." They contemplated for a second. "We should get a carpet."

She dropped her shirt, laying back and stretching as much as she could on the small couch. "Yes yes." She closed her eyes, breathing deep.

They grunted, striding to the chair beside the kitchen counter, concentrating on the half-eaten apple that lay there. She let out a small groan, shifting, hanging her head over the arm of the sofa so that her brown hair almost touched the floor. It was a Sunday. She would probably go back to bed.
She cursed under her breath. What kind of soap had they wanted again? Gods, Neidra, I can't believe you've forgotten again. She wandered through the aisles in the store, looking at all the different soaps to see if they would jog her memory. They didn't. She cursed again, slightly louder, loud enough for an employee to turn to her.

"Can I help you with anything?"

She started, looking at them. "No- I- I don't- I'm alright, thanks." 

"Alright then!" They smiled. 

She looked back at the soaps again before shaking her head and picking one at random. {} would just have to deal with it. She headed to the front of the shop, confident that she had picked up everything she needed. As she reached the counter, she looked through her list one last time and recalled the type of soap she had needed. Looking up at the cashier, she muttered a quick apology before picking up the soap she had picked and turning back to replace it with the correct one. Which was why her back was turned as they came into the store. There were three of them, holding knives. They looked big, dressed even bigger to intimidate. 

"Give us money." One of them reached over the counter, laying a hand on the cashier's shoulder, while the other two went down the aisles, picking things at random. She stopped in her tracks, turning slowly until she had all three of them in her sights. 

"Hey." She hadn't meant to say anything, but it slipped out. They all faced her, noticing her for the first time. The knives scared her somewhat, but she took a deep breath. "Stop scaring him." She gestured to the cashier.

"How will you stop us?" She couldn't tell which one was speaking. She couldn't tell much anymore. Fear crowded her senses, anxiety filling the places it couldn't reach. 

They all walked towards her, and she almost drew back, but she held her ground, breathing, clearing her mind. Focusing on the shelf of canned goods near the three people coming for her, she willed it to move. It twitched at first, struggling against her, but she forced it, and it finally fell with a deafening crash. Tins rolled everywhere, and the shelf landed on one of them. The other shifted, looking at her, confused. It was an odd coincidence that the shelf fell, but nothing tied her to it, and so they stepped over it, continuing towards her, faster now. She concentrated, brows furrowing deeper, on four cans that lay near her feet, guiding them to float in front of her. She couldn't see their expressions, focused as she was on the four tins floating expectantly, but she could make out blurred figures getting further from her. She willed one of the cans towards them, but they all moved in unison, flying faster than she meant them to. The two figures moved away faster now, exiting the store, leaving their companion behind. She breathed freely, letting the cans fall to the ground, before turning to the cashier, hiding behind the counter, shaking. 

"I'm sorry for the shelf. I can help you clear that up if you want."

He shook his head, silent.

"Are you alright?" Concern filled her as she looked at him. He looked young.

He nodded. "I- What happened? You said something and they all turned, and then I ducked. The phone isn't working or I would have called the police."

So he hadn't seen it. "Just a lucky coincidence I guess, one of the shelves fell onto them, and they freaked."

He looked at her, as though expecting more, before sighing with relief. "Thanks for that."

"It's the least I could do. Now can I take my things?" 

"Yes sure just... give me a second." He got to his feet, steadying himself on the counter, taking in the mess. 

I remember the first time I went down, the lift creaking in protest. The sound seemed to fill my ears, my whole head, constant and painful, made louder by the utter silence all around. There were sixteen of us on the elevator, fifteen silently waiting for the first to lead us to our workplace. Our battleground. The tunnels that branched out from the central shaft we descended had faint blue lanterns lining the top. I had wondered why they couldn’t be brighter back then. Now I wish we didn’t have them at all.

We finally reached the bottom of the shaft, with only a single tunnel leading outwards. There were no lamps here, and we huddled around the one the supervisor carried, hoping to not get lost. We walked on for a bit before stopping at a gap in the tunnel. Leaning a bit closer, I realised it wasn’t a gap. It was a chasm, and a large one. No one could tell how deep or how wide it was, but we all instinctively stayed as far from it as we could. The supervisor leaned down and picked up a stone before turning to us and speaking in hushed tones that I barely heard over the clamour of everyone’s breath.

“No matter what you see, do not move. It is imperative you stay calm and still. If they sense any movement, they will come for you. Now scatter along this path,” as he gestured to the ledge along the depthless hole, “And remember, be quiet and unmoving.” 

And he turned and threw the stone into the abyss. 

I woke up, covered in sweat, my mind racing as it grasped at the last bits of my nightmare. This was the fifth time in as many days. All I could recall about the dream this time was the fire. I could still feel it warming my face as I got out of bed, looking at the sky outside. The stars seemed to gleam maliciously with the same fire that burned me, and I walked to the bathroom. Splashing water in my face, I tried to wake myself up, tell myself it was only a dream. But the fire felt so real. I shivered, walking out of the room, knowing that sleep wouldn’t come. 

I sat at the table until morning, wide awake and unmoving, breaths slow and steady, just like they had taught us. My brain rebelled against the silence, but I was just as frozen as I had been every time they had come. The memory of fire stubbornly stuck in my mind, impressing itself upon my brain. Time passed until my duties called, and I got ready to leave the house as I did every morning. Slowly the routine soothed me, and the adrenaline rush of the night before finally faded as I reached work. 

Carrying my standard-issue torch, I made my way down to the 7th level where I worked in the North-East tunnel along with eight other people. We had worked together for years, but beyond brief introductions, we never actually talked. It was forbidden within the tunnel, and we never saw the point of meeting outside of work. It never made sense, forming an attachment. Who knew how long it would last. 

Reaching my workspace, I saw my supervisor standing at the entrance, arms crossed expectantly. He beckoned me closer and whispered with fervour, telling me of how he was retiring and how I might get his job. His eyes gleamed with delight and despair and remorse as he spoke. He was free. But my heart sank as I listened, and his condolences barely registered as I looked out into the tunnel. I barely remember what was being said until he held my shoulder and made eye contact, carefully gauging my emotions. 

“Are you sure you can handle this?”

“It’s not like I have much of a choice.” 

And it was true. You couldn’t contest the superiors. And you couldn’t quit or retire until you became a supervisor. Those were the only two rules that governed us as we made our way through the tunnel like ants, filled with fear for our lives and determination to do our job. They had picked us because we were needed. Without us, a lot of things would collapse. We never knew what things would collapse, or what we mined, or how it was used. All we knew was that we were needed. And that was all that really mattered. They were smart like that. They chose the people that they knew would be swayed by that. Those who would be moved by it. But those words, those promises, had faded over time. And we were left with the bare skeleton of what we once considered hope. 
The sunset was beautiful, the sun painting the skies all shades of orange and purple. The clouds promised a dark night, and the moons were barely visible behind them. The castle was a stark silhouette against the sky, and they stood staring at the majestic sight. It had to have had at least a hundred rooms, filled with laughter and life, beauty and music. At least, that’s how they liked to imagine it as they stood, watching the castle carefully, going through the plans in their minds, waiting for the sun to dip down beneath the horizon.

	The silence was complete, and Layla kept glancing nervously back into the woods behind them at every little sound. 

	Maur put a hand on her shoulder, turning to her and smiling. “Hey, stop worrying so much. We’ve done a lot of planning. Plus if you’re going to worry, don’t do it now, this is where things are least likely to go wrong. Worry once we’re inside.”

	“That’s not helping, you know.” 

	Maur laughed, a harshly melodic sound, and patted her back a few times before falling silent. She was right to worry, he knew that. This was big, and if they messed it up… No. He couldn’t think about that. He was nervous enough already. 

	“It’ll be okay” 

	Smiling nervously at each other, they took a collective deep breath and shrugged their cloaks off, plunging into the water. 
I sat at my desk, like on every other day for the past couple of centuries, when a voice issued from the speaker on line three. I panicked.


Now this wouldn't seem like such a scary thing, right? Just sitting at a desk, doing my job, when someone decides to give me a call. But this was different. I had comms with every planet in the system, which were always chattering, but this one was always silent. I had always assumed that it was uninhabited. None of the managers had ever said otherwise. So I panicked. Understandably.


Protocol said that I should contact security in case of an emergency. Yet that didn't seem like such a good idea at the time. Goodness, that was stupid. I don't know what I was thinking. But I responded. And the voice seemed ecstatic. It said that they had been searching for life outside their planet forever, which was odd, since all the other planets in the system were occupied. Or had I missed something in the time I had been in the office? But it turned out they weren't part of the system at all. The higher-ups had left a whole planet out of the comms.


Looking down to find my nails chewed to the base, I contemplated on what to do. The voice crackled nervously through the speaker on my desk. If only I had contacted management. But instead, I told it everything. I told it about the inhabitants of the system, about the comms that I watched over. Everything. And I heard the voice get more and more excited. Could almost see them jumping with joy. And then they said something I would never forget.


"I'm so glad I got to hear this before I died."


My blood ran cold.


Death was the cautionary tale parents told their children to get them to eat their vegetables.


Death was the myth told by the people for millennia.


Death was the illness that swept across the system for years before it was eradicated.


Or so we were told.


Yet here I was, listening to someone talk about it as if it was the most normal thing. As if it happened all the time. And no matter how many times I asked, they never said otherwise. They seemed to find it odd that I was so concerned that people just died. After only ten decades, as well. Nowhere in any office protocol or comm system guide did it mention what to do in this situation. So I finally told the boss.


Naturally, I got fired, though nobody ever got to hear the full story. It was too late. The inhabitants of planet three, inflicted by death for countless millennia, had now found out that they were not alone. It might have been the solitude of their situation, or the need to do something special before they died that made them move into the universe. When they did, they found us. And nothing stopped their disease from spreading to us.


A system-wide pandemic on scales never seen before. Authorities tried their best to keep it contained, but by the time they realized that those people carried it, it was too late. It was painful, watching everyone die, something that was only in the people's worst nightmares before. Somehow, I have managed to live long enough to get this out into the universe. I was younger than most, and the disease took me slowly.


Yet here I am, sitting in my house on the fifth planet from the sun Sol, with a system long-dead, recording this message for the rest of the universe. The inhabitants from planet three are the only survivors of this pandemic, being like insects, they could survive anything. This is a cautionary tale, and a warning to all our allies around the galaxy and beyond. They know about you, and are coming for you. Run. Hide. Stay as far away from them as they can.


They do not care for the destruction they cause.
They are too dismissive of the unknown to hear it.
They are too used to massacre and mindless butchery to fear it.


The humans are coming. And they are slow, and weak, but they last forever. They will chase after you, and search for you, until you are too exhausted to hide. They are lonely, and now that they know of their power, they will do anything to exploit it.


I fear I am going mad, sitting here all alone, waiting for death to take me. I hope it will come soon. I will embrace it, not kicking and screaming like the others. I hope this reaches you before the humans do. Goodbye for the last time.

I sit in my room at four in the morning, and the world hums around me, continuing on its long arduous journey to nowhere. And everything around me turns, and the cars go past on the highway, and I wonder whether their lives are any more fulfilling than mine. And I remember a time where my world seemed to shine, and the air seemed to vibrate with my excitement, resonating with the trees and the birds and the air. The trees are gone now, and with them the birds, and the air is slowly dying too. And it reflects the darkness inside, smog slowly polluting everything, and the trees have been gone for so long now, no one knows what to do. And everything seems to darken, and the colours seem to fade, and I remember a time when everything had joy. And I reminisce, for that’s all I can do now, sitting in my room at four in the morning, knowing that no one is coming to save this world, to save me. The smog will stick around, clinging onto the last of the trees, suffocating them, providing a stark background for the buildings (where once there were trees). And all the light in the world seems to fade, and the sky looks like the bags under my eyes, heavy with the weight of it all. And eventually, everything darkens, consumed by the smoke, and all that’s light in the world disappears. They say they’re still there, obscured by the smog. But if I can’t find it, does it even matter whether it exists?
The fortune teller sat in a dusty alley, watching as the multitudes walked by. His face was covered in a soiled cloth, its original colour indistinguishable. A cloak covered his gaunt figure, splashes of mud covering the entire thing. Thoughts meandered through his head, and he acknowledged them as they passed, ushering them out to leave a space in his mind, attaining a state that some might call meditative. People saw nothing as they glanced into the alley, their eyes slipping over the man crouching there, brains fashioning a pile of rags in his place. His form was reminiscent of that, covered in cloth as he was. 

Unmindful of the perceptions of others, the man sat, his mind appropriately empty as he tried to tell fortunes. Tried, because as he was about to begin, someone walked up, encroaching upon his space. Sighing, he opened his eyes. 

“Are you the seer?” The person in front of him had cloaks to rival his own, stained with mud and who knew what else, though it looked like good quality cloth under all that. Their face was covered, voice muffled, but he would know their name soon enough.

In answer to their question, he gave them a blank look. They sat down next to him, carefully placing the cloak under them. They looked back, eyes mostly shadowed by their hood, but he could make out their reddish-brown colour. He stared at them for a moment, raising a hand to silence them as they made to speak. He cleared his mind once again, this time with a focus. The world shifted a step backwards. Thoughts swirled through the air around him, flowering into possibilities. The future was fickle, more so than the present, and the trick was to focus not on actions, but on patterns. The empty alley became crowded with visions, cavorting through the open spaces and everything in between. They formed a veritable tempest, an endless storm with but one eye of calm. One that sat in front of him.

His eyes, which had shut of their own accord to lend him a mysterious air, opened. 

“I can trace the exact path you will take from now till your untimely demise. Every step of yours is determinable, either because you are a pawn in someone else’s game or due to your own innate predictability. Attracted the attention of any gods lately, by any chance?”

“And what path am I going to take?”

“You are going to leave.”

They, or rather she, now that he knew who she was, snorted. “That’s not what I meant.”

“It is what I meant.” 

“I came here for a reason.”

“I’m sure you did.”

“I need to know about…”

“You will find out soon enough. Very soon, in fact.”

“Why did I bother coming here?”

“So I could tell you this. When the time comes, remember that every alliance excludes you.”

“What does that even mean?” 

“You’ll understand when it is relevant, Razin.” 

She started as he said the name. 

“Now shoo.”

She stood up, tossing a handful of coins at him. “Thank you, I guess.”

“Thank me later.”

She tossed him a sceptical and vaguely disgusted glance as she strode out of the alley. He listened as her footsteps echoed away before closing his eyes once again. He grinned. 

How he loved being cryptic. 
She stalked through the streets, annoyed but without an outlet for it, furiously tucking short strands of brown hair that escaped from her hood. The fortune teller was frustrating at the best of times, and this hadn’t been one of them. A god had taken an interest in her. She snorted, making the cloth over the lower half of her face flutter with amusement. As if the gods took interest in solitary mortals. More likely than not, she was being scammed. Though for a second there, as his eyes closed, she had almost believed that he was the real thing. But all she had gotten was some cryptic message about Samit knew what, and another reason to be paranoid, and she had enough of those already. She had gone with a purpose, and all he had said was that she would find out “very soon”.

But she knew, deep down, that he was the real thing. He had known her identity. The one she hadn’t used in years. 

Lost in thought as she was, she didn’t notice the man until she walked into him. Muttering apologies, she made to walk again, but he stopped her. 

“Can I help you?” The grimace on her face was covered, but she conveyed the sentiment well enough. 

His eyes shifted to her as she spoke, a mix of fear and something indistinguishable lurking within. His voice, when he got around to speaking, was timorous and reedy. “I need your help.”

“I think you have the wrong person.”

His face twisted. “Do you not recognize me?”

“Nope.” She turned away. “Have a good day.”

“Razin.” Anguish transformed his voice as he slouched, the weight of things settling on his shoulders. 

That was twice in one day. How in all the hells? Was there someone with the name? But no, no one would do that. She glanced at the man, despair written all along his body, crouching in his eyes, trailing through his tired limbs. “That’s not my name.” Not anymore. 

He sank to his knees, whispering the name. His voice followed her, haunting her every step as she walked back home. 

She took a looping route, both to shake off the three people on her trail and because she liked to walk. Her house stood near the middle of the city, two streets from the Parliament House. She stepped up to it, divesting herself of her face covering as she unlocked the door. Cursorily glancing around, she collapsed onto the divan. Exhaustion rippled through her muscles as she took stock of her day. Razin. Two unrelated people knew her identity, the one that now echoed through her mind. She shook her head, pulling herself out of the tracks that her thoughts were making. How did they know it? She had divested herself of the name a long time ago. 

The fortune teller was the real thing. He was one of Azam’s chosen. Blessed as he was with the ability to view the threads of time, it made sense that he might know. But the other man. Was that the source of the answers she needed? Is that what the seer had meant? 

Had she made a mistake by walking away? 

A knock at the door stopped her mind from wearing new tracks. 

“Alderman?” The voice was familiar. 

“Powel.” She opened the door, flashing a weary smile. “Come in.”

“You do know there’s watchers outside your house?”

“How many?”

“I counted two.”

“Oh. Just the usual then.” She sank into her divan again, motioning for Powel to sit on the sofa opposite. 

“Of course.” She smiled, sharp features softening. 

“So what’s up?” 

“There’s a conspiracy among your council.” 

“When is there not?” Her tired grin was forced. The people she represented were both fickle and eloquent, a terrible pairing. 

“This is serious.”

“How so?”

“They mean to replace you.”

“Easy enough, I’m sure. They can appeal to the House tomorrow should they wish to.”

Powel sighed, sinking further into the stuffed couch. “It’s not that simple. You have the favour of the House. Most of them will not vote against you.” 

“Why is the council disaffected this time, anyways? Bad enough to want to kill me?”

Her friend gave her an appraising look. “It’s about your past. Apparently some documents were dug up-”

“Forged, you mean.” Like all the others that bear my name.

She looked away. “-suggesting that you are not of noble birth. Look, Pri, I’m concerned. They’re too riled up for this to be dismissed so easily.” 

“There’s something else going on.” Was someone purposefully destroying her reputation? Or were the documents real? That would be enough to want her dead. Maybe. She looked over at her friend, who sat studying the paintings on the walls. “Why are you here? Surely not to inform me of things I already know.”

“I- I saw the documents. The actual ones.”

“What actual ones?”

Her shuddering breath whispered through the air, barely louder than her voice. “Were you really a part of the Cult of the Nameless?”

“Documentation can attest to things like that?”

“You know how it is with bureaucracy.” She had the grace to look sheepish. “There’s documents for everything.”

Aprian pressed two fingers against her forehead as if to push back the headache that was forming behind her eyes. 

“Pri?” Her deep voice seemed small, now. “You were…?” She trailed off.

Powel just wanted to hear a denial. She knew that. But she could not bring herself to voice the words. She sank further into her seat, eyes screwing up in pain, both from a newfound pounding headache and the tension that now sat like a malignant insect between the two of them. The answer rang through her head. More than you know.

“Are you alright?”

She grumbled something that might have been acceptable as an answer, and her friend brought her a glass of water and perched on a seat next to her, black eyes watching with birdlike curiosity as she took a sip. Closing her eyes, she slouched, somehow bending her back further than it already was. 

“So is their rage unfounded?”

Anguish twisted her face at Powel’s insistence to talk politics. “I don’t want to talk about that.” Her words slurred into one another, coming out as an almost unintelligible mumble. 

“Okay then. I’ll be back, though.” Probably with most of the council in tow. 

Why do I call her a friend? 

She groaned as the front door closed. Her head was pounding, and things like these never helped the mind to relax. 

Hollow take you, Powel. You and the entire Council of Nobles. Ungrateful bastards all. 
The man with the sad eyes pushed his way through the crowds that seethed through the market, setting eyes on a single stall that stood at the dead end of the narrow street, muttering under his breath. The stall was ramshackle, some boards held up by odds and ends, covered with a ratty blanket. But that was unimportant. The drawings of stars on the handwritten board propped up in front was relevant. The stars were nine-pointed and drawn in a circle, five in number, with a larger star in the centre, this one with seven corners. Walking up to the stall, he watched as the man inside heaved himself up, glowering. He waited for the man to manoeuvre his considerable bulk towards the front of the stall before speaking, pinching the backs of his hands as he did.

“The self has been hidden.”

“Behind doors of anonymity.” The man nodded, pointing him to the wall behind.

He stared, stepping up to the dilapidated wall, and the man behind him sighed. 

“You push the star in.”

“What?” And then he saw it. A few of the spidery cracks on the wall formed a perfect heptagram. He placed a shaky hand on it and pushed, and he felt some mechanisms working in the wall, the door maybe, as a section of it slid back, revealing darkness. He stepped through. 

He nearly fell down the stairs before he regained his balance, shaking. Making his unsteady way down, he headed towards the light. 

“Oh, you’re here.” The Unnamed was sprawled on a large wooden chair, her limbs loosened by opiates, the smoke blurring the world. “Was it her?” 

He nodded. “I almost thought it wasn’t, but she flinched when I used the name.”

“Ah. Good.” Her eyes unfocused, and she swung her gaze around the room, her voice soft, intimate. “I should have waited for that confirmation before sending out the documents, but it’s all worked out now.” She looked back at him as though noticing him for the first time. “What are you doing, standing there? You can either join us,” She proffered a rolled stick of blueleaf, “Or you can leave.” And with that proclamation, she took a long drag from the burning stick in her hand. 

He plucked the stick from her limp hand, taking a seat. Lighting it using the lamp on the table, he relaxed. 

His mind was far gone by the time the boy came. The scene unfolded from a distance, the boy saying something, the Unnamed saying something back. He just barely registered the look on the boy’s face, and he saw the Unnamed stand up before he slipped into a deep sleep.

Thoughts could wander far in the throes of sleep. He thought about the world, and how it stayed so still, so unmoving, beneath the regard of humans. How it provided the board for the petty games that they played across its surface. Every person lived and died, empires rose and fell, the earth blinked its slow cautious eyes, and an age passed. And the cycle repeated. 

He thought about people, and their illusions of grandeur and significance in a world that couldn't care less. And where did that idea of greatness stem from? How did people decide that they were something more than the others, a cut above the rest? Ownership. One could only be great if one possessed more than others, be it wealth or morality. Individuality. People could only believe they were superior if they believed that they were unique, separate from everyone else. 

That was where their god came into the picture. Their god, the Nameless One. The god that stole names, stole identities, stole the very same diversity that created problems. The god that took everything, leaving but a single homogenous mass behind. 

Homogeneity was the simplest path to harmony. 

His thoughts were much more erudite in his sleep. 
Aprian woke up feeling more tired than before. Her back ached from sleeping in an odd position, and her head still hurt, though less than earlier. She stood shakily, making her way to the bedroom before she looked out the window, squinting at the bright sunlight. She cursed as bells started ringing, signifying the start of the day. She needed to be in Parliament now. 

She rushed into the House fifteen minutes late, just as things were about to begin. The speaker walking up to the lectern glared at her as she took her place, and she flashed him a smile as she sat. She zoned out within minutes as the man droned on. He was the representative of the merchants and traders, Vanio. Maybe. He seemed rather angry while speaking, and he was staring at her. She smiled, but that seemed to incense him even more. His words started to come back into focus as her mind wandered back to the room. 

“…it is of utmost importance that the profession of trade stays within the council. Surely you all understand the significance of this matter. And with that, I invite the Alderman of the Nobles to speak.” He looked at her.

She waved a hand as he stepped off, directing her towards the center. "That's alright, I don't have that much to say."

He raised a cocky eyebrow. "Yes?"

"And, um, I completely agree with everything you said."

His eyes widened. "You- what?"

"Yes. And further, I think we should start drafting some laws surrounding the main concepts you covered, in order to achieve a satisfactory solution to your problem."

He blinked.

"Moving on, I think that the Alderman of the Craftsmen has something to say?" She sighed, her pounding heart slowing. 

Blic jumped up, clearing his throat. "I- yes. There were some concerns about the new law passed." He yawned. "The one about the rates of some crafts based on factors other than hours spent. I don't remember exactly."

Vanio stared at him. “You drafted the law. Two days ago.”

“Your point?” 

He shook his head. “Nothing.”

Aprian observed the people around. Half the people seemed on the verge of falling asleep, and the others seemed to have very strong opinions about the silence in the room. She felt herself slowly slipping into her usual state when she was in the House, that of apathetic boredom, on which rode a layer of affected interest for the sake of politeness. She fell into a stupor, thinking about Powel and her council in an effort to stay awake. Why was she so tired? 

Her eyes closed as Blic sat down, head sinking to the table. 

“Aprian?” 

She shot up. “Yes.” 

“What is your opinion on…” 

The voices faded as she saw shadows coalesce into a figure, hunched underneath the podium. She rubbed her eyes. It looked familiar. It looked… Oh. 

“You’re the reason I slept so badly!” She said it out loud, pointing, though she hadn’t meant to. People gave her odd looks, following her gaze but seeing nothing. 

And then she remembered what she had been asked to do. She stood up, throat dry, and began to speak. 
The fortune teller walked the streets of the capital city of his wonderful country, mind wandering with his feet, leaving marks that would be remembered, by the dust if no one else. His words spilled out of his mouth, misting breaths unnoticed by almost everyone. His eyes barely focused on his path, instead following the threads of the future that manifested for him as visible ribbons floating through the air, representing paths. His eyes traced the thin strands, brow furrowing as they intertwined, knotting and twisting, reaching out with slender fingers towards a single thread, thicker than the rest. 

He had reached a door, and he knocked without thinking. Eyes widening, he took a step back as the door opened. 

“You!”

He nearly burst into laughter. “My apologies, Alderman, I simply fell against the door, I lost my balance. I’ll be on my way now.”

“Oh?” Her smile was predatory. “Can you do me a favour first?”

He fell silent, unwilling to give her a response to the thing he knew she would ask.

“Now you have nothing to say?” She laughed, but it was laced with more bitterness than humour. “I only have a question for you. Why did you say anything?”

He took another step back, looking at the woman in front of him. Her eyes were bloodshot, her shoulders hunched, her clothes crumpled. He took a breath. He would have started to laugh, but he knew it would be tinged with a madness that he wasn’t sure he did not feel. “The future is not meant for knowing.”

She cut him off. “I do not know anything because you told me absolutely nothing. You left me with fears and doubts, no doubt laughing as I snapped at shadows. Did someone pay you to mess with my head or did you do it for your own sick form of entertainment?”

And there was the question he had expected. “No one pays me, mistress. If they did, I might be better off, might have a room of my own from which to conduct business.” He shook his head with a wry smile. “And maybe, perhaps…”

“Don’t patronise me. I shouldn’t have bothered.” 

He stumbled back as she shut the door on his face. Walking away, he considered. He had been given much to consider, and he could only hope that he would be given more. It would be a good distraction while he attempted to wrangle a living out of the few people that bothered to consort with him. Too many people were far too concerned with the workings of what they called magic to be near someone who was supposedly chosen by a god to do exactly that. His lips curled and his expression kept people far from his path as he walked. He reached the square as the sun dipped through the sky, kissing the top of the building across him, sinking down as he strode through the dwindling crowd and into Azam's Temple. People looked at him, but their gazes glanced off him, resting on the tiled floor, or the carvings on the walls. He drew his hood, letting it rest on the top of his head to keep his face visible, smirking at the repulsion people showed to his dirty garb. He knew he smelled like a shady alleyway, but it couldn’t be helped right now. 

“Sybril.” Disappointment oozed from the man that stepped in front of him, his robes immaculate and his hood resting on his shoulders. 

He smiled. “Kiba, my dear friend, greetings.”

The man’s nose wrinkled in disdain. “The Prelate wants to see you. Now.” And with that he walked away.

Sybril would have stuck his tongue out at his back, but people were watching, so he thought about it for a moment before doing it anyway. He heard a giggle, and he looked around, eyes resting on a young girl with her hands over her mouth, eyes shining. He grinned at her, winking, before striding off to meet the Prelate. 
Sybril was about to turn away when he heard the Prelate call him in. He opened the door, pushing his hood back, standing in front of the table until the man nodded at him. He sat, staring into the black eyes of the man in front of him, doing his best to ignore the threads of the future that whipped around him as usual. 

"You wanted to see me?"

He nodded, hand covering what looked like a stifled yawn. "The threads are entangling, child. The world is becoming a different place, slowly but surely, and things around here will be changing as well. I have… seen something, and I need to make sure things are in order."

His eyes narrowed. "What do you mean? What did you see?"

"I saw my death, clear as day. I need to make sure the running of this place is left in good hands."

"And whose hands would that be?" He felt a weight on his chest. Surely he wouldn't…

"Yours."

"Why?"

"Because you are the most powerful of Azam's Chosen that I have seen. You can see with a clarity that most don't even see the present with, and I know that you would use that knowledge well. Regardless of how much you dally with your words, I know that you do care." 

"I don't want this, not at all. I'd much rather-"

He was cut off again. "I know you don't want it. That's what makes you a good fit for the job. Power is wielded worst by the people who lust after it."

He laughed, a sound bordering on hysterical. 

"There's another thing. I know you haven't been sleeping at the temple but I think it's a good time to start."

"What?" 

"I don't know much, but knowing things is always dangerous, and I think it's only going to get worse."

He stood up, though it took him a moment to notice that he had. "Thank you, Prelate." He spoke stiffly, masking confusion. 

The man just looked at him with eyes that bored into his soul and he shifted, wanting to look anywhere but at the man with a gaze that pinned him to the ground as surely as a stake. He cleared his throat. 

"People will be unhappy when you tell them you've picked me as your successor."

He smiled. "They should have seen it coming."

His laugh was more than bordering on hysterical this time. 

The Unnamed sat, smoke wreathing her, watching the world pass by outside the windows. She lounged on a stuffed couch, a far fancier affair than she would have ever put up with in her own home, and waited for news. She took a deep breath, tasting the smoke in the back of her throat. Things were moving now, pieces stepping across the board, and she could only hope that she still understood the game they were playing. The sound of the door pulled her out of her thoughts, and she watched through slitted eyes at the man stumbling into the room. Her eyes grew wider as she saw the alarm on his face, but she held still until he walked up to her, bowing. 

They sat in a morose ring outside the large tents they shared, all together and somewhat rested for the first time. There had been no wounded. At all. Anok was as dumbfounded as the rest, mind racing with explanations, circling back to a single one over and over. The ‘mission’. Those three, still not back. All seven of them turned as one at the sound of footsteps, watching the strangers’ approach. Both of them stood straight-backed, staring down at the tired array that stared back, questing glances flitting through the air. 

“I regret to inform you we will be leaving tomorrow. Congratulations on today’s victory.” One of them spoke, blue eyes meeting each of theirs in turn. 

“What happened to the other three?” Chop, one of the younger recruits, shifted as all eyes turned to him. 

Both of them smiled at nearly the same time, their faces tinged with a sadness that seemed almost genuine. “Their mission was fraught with danger.” 

A silence settled on each of their shoulders, weighing them down, dimming the evening light. 

“All three of them?” The whisper echoed. 

“I hate being a bearer of bad news.” They were speaking to each other, now, as they walked away.

The atmosphere took on a deathly pallor, no one knowing what to say. Most of them drifted away, leaving him sitting by the fire and Polan, the only person in their crew junior to Anok, hair also growing to her shoulders, but clinging to her ears, where his was reaching down the back of his neck. She seemed to be nearly asleep, her eyes drifting closed, but they snapped open as he stood, watching him as he made his way to his tent. He had lifted the flap and was crossing the threshold when her voice drifted over to him, quiet yet beating loud in his mind. 

“Maybe we’re not as indispensable as we thought.”

She could have been speaking to herself. He let the flap fall behind him, punctuating her sentence. 

Brigadier Ria Sedar paced her tent, her path well-worn despite the mere two days they had spent in this area. The table before her was filled with maps and documents listing everything from the names of every horse they had to the exact number of quarrels each squad carried. The messenger stood in front of her, shifting on their feet, staring at the grains of the table. The morning sun broke through small holes in the tent walls, dissipating the mists that had dogged them for so long. 

She held a missive in her hand, slowly crushing it between her fingers as she studied the map pinned to a board leaning against the tent wall. Sighing, she turned away from it, placing the paper onto the table and staring at it. 

“Call the generals.” 

The messenger slipped out of the tent, a bar of sunlight beating across the papers arrayed before her as the tent flap opened. She heard voices outside and ignored them, picking up the missive once again, hands shaking from the effort she put into stopping herself from tearing it into pieces. Imperial orders, written in a small script designed to cause headaches. As though the orders themselves weren’t enough. She looked up as her tent flap opened again, the bar of light washing over her face. Three of her generals walked in, forming a line opposite her, across the table. They bowed their heads before looking up, brows twisting in confusion almost simultaneously as they saw her face. 

“Where are Tara and Redo?” 

The generals exchanged looks, and Malek spoke. “They should be here soon.”

Even as he said it, the last two generals walked in, dishevelled and out of breath, colour riding high on their cheeks, apologies stumbling from them. 

“Hollow take me.” The brigadier mumbled to herself before addressing the others. “We have orders.” She presented the sorry looking paper, flattening it out on the table. They peered over, reading it. 

“What? Are you serious?” 

She snorted. I wish I wasn’t. 

“How are we supposed to…”

“I know.” The looks of consternation on their faces would have been amusing if she hadn’t had a growing pit in her stomach that swallowed all her emotions. “But we have no choice.” 

“An entire city.” General Minorim’s voice settled into the room. “We’re supposed to…”

“Besiege it, aye.” 

Minorim blanched, his voice a whisper as he spoke. “But we’re less than three thousand.”

“It’s a small city.” Redo’s face was serious. 

Tara giggled, face turning in amusement before she caught herself. “When are reinforcements coming?”

Ria had to hold back a hysterical laugh as she read from the note. “In good time.” She looked around, settling on each of her generals in turn. “We have to assume that we will be alone. For some time at least.”

“And how do we convince a city’s worth of troops to not simply rush out of their city and overwhelm us?”

“Illusions?”

“For how long? The lightseekers can’t go on forever.”

“We could just slow down, wait for relief before making ourselves known.”

“Not much of a siege then, is it?” 

“So what-”

“Calm down. The city’s at least a three day march from here.”

“More time won’t help you grow brains, Minorim.”

“Lay off him, Redo. You can’t kill a man with sharp wit.”

“You’d be surprised.”

The brigadier sighed, turning to her map once again, tuning out the conversation that continued behind her. In her mind, she tracked the course they would take to the next city, Aremadan, a straight line with a short detour around a lake. She plotted everything in her head, the distances, the places they would stop, the time. But even as she thought about it, she knew that nothing would go the way she imagined. There were always things that couldn’t be anticipated. Always events that could not be stopped.

“Sir?” The sound pierced through her contemplative air, and she grunted. 

“What are we going to do?” 

Five fearful faces watched her every movement as she flipped through the papers on the table. She looked up, knitting her brows. “One thing at a time. First, we march.” She pulled some papers from a sheaf, perusing them, ignoring the people before her even as her mind raced. Uncertain puffs of dust rose from the ground near their feet. “We’re losing daylight.” 

They left the room, soft whispers from the tent flap announcing their departure. She looked up as the last of them left, strands of Redo’s black hair catching in the fabric momentarily. She ran clammy hands through shoulder-length mousy locks, her soft curses punctuated by anxious heartbeats. 

“Sir?” 

“What?” A slow breath. “Come in.”

She nearly hissed as an old man strode in, wearing the mud-stained yellow robe she knew and loathed. Composing herself, she smiled as he stood before her, glancing at the mess on the table before speaking.

“Brigadier, we learned what happened to the three who went.” 

She stared at him. She needed good news, but nothing about him suggested that she would receive it. 

“They were killed.” 

Lohan burn my every organ. 
The sun beat down on their backs as they reached the camp, standing on a hill overlooking the brown canvas tents arranged in rows. They made their way down to the camp, the stench emanating from it slowing them down.

He lifted the flap on the nearest tent as the others filed through, forming a rough ring around him. They all knew the smell. He turned to them.

“The tents have a simple wooden frame that looks like it might be collapsible. I think we can just drag the canvas off and collect the frame. Seems like a one person job.” 

They all nodded, moving off. He grabbed the stained canvas and pulled, drawing it closer. The frame tottered, falling to the ground with a loud thud, eliciting curses from everyone. Ignoring them, he folded the canvas, gaze slipping past all that lay under its cover, folding the hinged frame and wrapping the canvas around it before moving off and laying it on the ground near the horses. Others walked up, making a pile. 

A few hours of quiet work was all it took, with a short break for a meal, for a score of people to dismantle a camp for several hundreds. They stood in a circle, watching their two corporals, who watched the horses. The horses shifted awkwardly under the bundles of tents on their backs before walking about, impatient. More moments of silence passed before Corporal Lamb cleared her throat, which snapped everyone out of the reverie, and they started to move. With only a little bit of sun left, and orders to catch up the next day, they marched for some time in the dark, conversation kept to a minimum. Everyone was still processing what they had seen as they found some flat ground where they would camp. 

The fire had turned to embers by the time words finally bounced around once again. Five of them sat, watching the glowing wood, the soft sounds of sleep all around them. It was a clear night, cool breeze brushing over everything. 

“So.” Stork glanced around. “What exactly did we do?”

“We stole some tents.” 

“Ever helpful, Numbers. I meant, why?”

A grunt from Cards. “That ain’t something we need to know.”

“Still.” Stork shivered. “I feel… dirty, almost.” 

Another grunt, but this time he stayed silent. 

“Wow, thanks. Almost makes me feel better.” Pen cuffed her on the shoulder. “What?”

“Leave off. I’d wager he’s not feeling any better than you are.”

Laughter, from Numbers.

“See? She’s gone mad.” 

“Not yet.” She grinned. 

“Lovely.”

A breeze whistled through again, making everyone shiver, and the embers flared. A lone bird twittered in the distance. 

“Well, I’m going to sleep.” Pen stood up, dragging Stork with him. 

“As am I.” Numbers stretched, a yawn cracking across her face.

The night was deathly still, and Cards looked over at Lamb, slouching in a way that seemed nearly impossible, eyes closed. He stared for a second more before standing up to stretch his legs. 

“Do you ever sleep?” 

Not asleep then. He grinned. “I do. Sometimes.”

“Hmph.”

“You should sleep on a mat, you know. Or at least lying down. Better for your back.”

She laughed, standing up. “Yes.”

He watched as she settled, pulling out the sleeping mat and blanket, laying down and falling asleep within minutes. He sat down, listening to her snores, watching the stars as they walked across the sky, not noticing the passage of time until soft light from the east heralded the dawn. He moved to wake everyone up, chuckling at their groans as they moved to the centre of camp, where the embers had gone out completely. Watching as they prepared a meal, he stood beyond the fire, stretching muscles sore from hours of immobility. 

When they had all finished eating, he spoke. “We need to get moving very soon. We need to catch up sometime today, and by my estimation, it will be only a couple of hours before sunset.”

Most of them nodded accord, moving out to clear the campsite and mind the horses. He picked up some things scattered around and led one of the animals off to the track, everyone else following. 

They trudged onward, pursuing the cloud of dust that got closer with every step. Cards stayed ahead of his yawning squad, Lamb walking beside him, sweat gleaming on her face despite the cool breeze. She shivered, teeth clacking together, punctuating her words.

“Why do you reckon,” Another click, and she drew her arms tighter around her, “they picked us anyways? I say they wanted us out of the way.”

“For a day? Why? They probably picked at random.” 

She grimaced. “No one picks us at random.”

He opened his mouth to object, but she had a point. His squad was mostly average, but hers was a different matter. He spoke after a moment, shrugging slightly. “Maybe they expected to run into trouble.” 

“You might be right.”

He narrowed his eyes. “What do you think it is?”

“I have no idea, but I intend to find out.” Using violence, if need be. She didn’t say it, but the gleam in her eyes spoke volumes. 

“You have that look in your eyes.” Pout walked up to them, a bounce in their step. 

“What look?”

“The one you get when rivers of blood run through your mind.”

“How poetic. You sure you wanted to be a soldier?”

They laughed. “I’m only poetic when it comes to one thing.”

She nodded thoughtfully. 

Cards stared at them before looking forward again. The cloud of dust was resolving into the tail end of the train, and he watched as a soldier turned back. He waved. And laughed as the people exploded with activity. 

“Excited to see us, you think?” Pout glared at the soldiers, passing glances back at the group. 

Lamb snorted. 

Iket stalked through the streets of the city that had once been his home, glancing behind him every few seconds. He had spent enough time in precarious positions to know that someone was following him. Granted, they were good. Very good. But the streets were empty, with only a few people stumbling through, and he knew what to look for. He turned a corner, headed away from home now, walking down dark streets, leading his tail to a place he knew would be safe. For him. Strolling through a narrow alleyway, he stopped at a noise from behind. Before he could turn, a knife laid itself across his back. 

“What is the nature of your interest in Overseer Apaya?”

“What? I- I have no interest in politics, thank you.” 

“Lies. I heard you talking to the investigator. Why do you want him found?”

“Why do you care?”

The knife dug itself further into his back, a sharp line of pain to the right of his spine. “That is not your business.”

“Neither is this yours. Maybe Apaya’s a good friend of mine, and I’m honestly concerned. Maybe I hate his guts and want him dead. What gives?”

A laugh sounded from behind him, a melodic trill in the dark of night. “You speak bravely for a man with a knife at his back.” The knife shifted, trailing up his spine. “You also refuse to give me the information I need.”

“I fail to see why my personal interest in the Overseer is important to you.”

“That is irrelevant. Will you tell me, or do I have to kill you?”

“If you kill me, we both lose.”

He could hear the smile in the voice. “That’s why I’ll maim you first.”

He gasped, falling to his knees as pain flared through him. Before long, everything went dark.


The world took several moments to come into focus, crystallising into a red-painted ceiling that was a warm background to the cold faces that looked down on him. He reached up to his face to wipe his bleary eyes and winced at a twinge of pain from his heavily bandaged forearm. 

“Don’t move it that much, idiot.” One of the faces hovering above him spoke, the voice tired and familiar. “It took me a while to set the bones properly. What did you do?”

He struggled to an upright position, facing the three people in the room. “I- I talked to the investigator. About the Overseer. You know, like- as was discussed. I asked her to locate him, giving no indication as to why…”

“Get to the point.” One of the others spoke, unfamiliar but recognizable. The large scar across her arm twisted as she leaned closer to him. 

“Y- yes, Auspex. Someone overheard our conversation, and followed me as I walked home. I diverted them, and as I reached an alley, the one near Sciron, they accosted me and demanded to know why I was interested. I refused to tell them, and…” He gestured to his right arm. 

“You’re lucky they didn’t notice you were left-handed.” The medico was grim. 

He chuckled, though without much mirth. “Yes.”

“Did they know your name?” The Auspex glared at him, and he quailed. 

“I-” He swallowed. “She said my name, at the end of the- of the conversation. I would- I guess they know.” 

“Why would you be that careless?”

“I didn’t tell her! She just knew, somehow.”

“Did she also know your allegiance?”

“I- I don’t think so.”

“Hmph. That’ll have to do.” The Auspex settled back in her seat.

“Leave off, Vesper.” The one person who had not spoken turned to the Auspex. “What’s done is done.” 

They stared at each other for long moments before turning away and standing up. 

“Iket, you are to stay at home for some time. Avoid meeting with anyone. We will send someone to deal with the investigator.”

He nodded, getting out of bed. His shirt and cloak lay draped over a chair, and he reached for it, picking them up before realising he had no way of wearing them. He glanced at his arm helplessly before turning to the medico. 

She grinned, moving to help him. He glanced down as she fastened his cloak, attention drawn to the golden pin that held it in place, engraved with Hollow’s Hand, the symbol of the Heralds.

“Oh.” 

The man jumped down from a roof, landing in front of her. She nearly kicked him before he put up his hands, stepping back. 

“I just want to ask you a few questions, if that’s okay.” 

She glowered at him, the bags under her eyes and grouchy expression emphasising her displeasure. “What kinds of questions?”

“About a client…”

“Ah, nope, sorry. I don’t divulge any information about them. They’re not the type to like it, and I’m not the type to invite their displeasure. I prefer to keep my clients. And my head.”

The man frowned. “This is important.”

“I’m sure it is.” His hand settled on the hilt of a bone knife at his side, and she pulled out a blade of her own. “Perhaps you’d best walk away now.”

He blinked, dragging his hand away. “Look, I’m sure you can at least tell me where to find someone?”

“Are you hiring me or asking for a favour?”

“A favour.”

“Hmm, I don’t know. I’m not feeling particularly charitable right now.” She grinned.

The man sighed, reaching into a pocket. She watched him warily, not trusting the man that unknowingly reached for a knife when he was inconvenienced. He pulled out some coins, and she exhaled, lifting her hand. He threw them in the air, his eyes closing. She ducked, instincts guiding her movements. She felt a breath of scalding air crawl down her neck, a dark stripe of pain leaving her confused and winded. She looked around to see a bucket behind her on fire. Who was this man so bent on chasing?

“I’d rather you simply gave me information.” His words blended into each other at the edges. “Tell me everything you know about Lord Iket.” 

She laughed. “I don’t know who you think you are, but I refuse to reveal anything. If you threaten me again, I will attack you. And magic or not, I don’t think you’ll find me an easy opponent.”

“Why are you so unwilling to say anything? What is your relationship to this man?”

“Relationship? I don’t know him.” Amusement frolicked in her voice, and she revelled in the annoyance that made itself clear in his expression. “At all.” 

“Then- Why defend him?”

“I told you already. It’s bad for business to rat on your clients.” With that, she walked past him, not sparing a glance behind for the man she knew was staring at her back, clutching a knife. 

The streets of Panagon were busy, and the bustle only increased as she neared the docks, heading for her favourite bar, The Bald Eagle. Sunlight beat down the doors of her mind, dragging down her thoughts and movements as she reached the door. The smell of alcohol and the drunken sounds of sorrow pushed at her as she walked in, headed to her usual spot on one end of the long bar. She sat for a while, doing nothing to catch the tender’s attention, content to watch the few people that populated the bar in the middle of the day. She jolted when the tender placed a glass in front of her, half full of the pale liquid that was their specialty. Regaining her composure, she smiled up at tender, who grunted, looking away. She turned, going back to wiping the glasses that lay behind the bar. Mach laughed to herself. 

“Mach!” A large hand slapped across her shoulders, pitching her forward. A round man came into view, leaning towards her. “Come join us at a table.”

She turned to see two others waving, a dark-skinned man with a large grin on his face and a tall, muscular woman who afforded her a small smile. She stood, walking over to the knee-high square table, lowering herself to the ground on a side next to the woman, who eyed the glass disparagingly. 

“It’s the only one I’m having today, Svi. I promise.” 

The woman grinned in response, black eyes glittering. “The only what?” 

“I- hm.” 

She laughed, the sound ringing through the room. “You’re just as bad as Laryd here.” The dark-skinned man opposite started at that, glancing around the room. “Always saying what you mean, never meaning what you say.” She broke into laughter again at Laryd’s affronted look, his round face scrunching up. 

“You wound me, Svildana.” He put a hand to his chest. 

“See what I mean?” It was Mach’s turn to grin. 

The round man came to the table, putting three glasses down with care before dropping down. He picked up one of the glasses and took a long swig, eyeing them all. 

“I took the liberty of getting my favourite for both of you too.” 

Laryd picked up a glass, sniffing it before pushing it away. “I don’t know how you drink this stuff, Das.” 

He smiled. “More for me, then.” He leaned forward. “So, how’s business, Laryd? I hear the weather has stalled your deliveries on more than one occasion now.”

“Aye, it’s been slow lately. Lots of storms near the coast. Sailors say it’s because of the Merinians, but mostly because they have no one else to blame. I haven’t taken any new contracts now, but things seem to be clearing up.”

“Ah, the calm after the storm. Or was it before the storm? I could never remember.” 

Svildana’s eyes narrowed at him. “What of your business, Das? Last I heard you were running from the Overseer’s estate, three imperial guards in tow.”

“I was simply the victim of a misunderstanding. I had wandered by, when…”

“Something accidentally slipped into your sticky hands?” 

“No, no! I was simply walking past the estate when I saw some people sneaking out, looking highly suspicious. I took it upon myself to make enquiries when three guards came out and chased me away.”

Mach drained her glass at this, setting it down harder than she meant to. 

“Something wrong?”

She turned to Das. “When was this?”

His eyebrows lifted at her tone. “Not two nights ago. Why?”

“What did you see?”

“It was as I explained. What exactly has got you all riled up, dear Mach?”

She breathed deep, picking at the sitting mat. “I’ll tell you, but first I need another drink.”

Svildana snorted.

Mach woke up with a headache. Groaning, she rolled out of bed, wincing at a sudden pang from her left leg. She must have slept in an odd position. Ignoring the myriad pains that assaulted her, she cleaned herself up. There was work to be done. 

It was late afternoon by the time she stepped out, bright sun blinding her as she walked through the Seaside District. The district was the most affluent part of the city, large houses with views of the seaside filled with rich people who thought they owned the beaches they looked out upon. The Overseer lived in a house that had been conveniently vacated not long before the army started moving out. It was large and unpainted, which seemed to be the new fashion among the wealthy. The garden was large and filled with sweet flowers, the overwhelming scent wafting out onto the street, making her gag. She thought they would have gotten around to removing the flowers now that the old occupant was gone. People had been complaining about that garden for years. 

Well, Apaya wasn't there to worry about it anymore. 

She scowled. How did someone this important disappear without anyone knowing anything about it for two days? Did his estate guards know? 

She walked up to one of them standing at the gate, making a mental note of the number of guards around. There were a dozen visible at the moment, which was an impressive number.

“Hello.” 

He glared at her for a moment before turning to the other guard. “Isn’t she the investigator?”

“Yep.”

He turned back to her. “What’re you doing here? Ain’t nothing worth investigating here.”

“Are you sure?”

He gave her a suspicious glare. “Yes.”

“So nothing happened a couple of days ago?”

“Whaddya mean?”

“I don’t know.” She tried to look innocent. “But you’re sure nothing happened, say, three nights ago?”

“I wouldn’t know nothing about that.” 

The other guard spoke. “I heard something about a disturbance that night, if that’s what you’re talking about.”

Mach looked at her, then back at the man she was standing next to. “That’s what I meant, yes. What happened?”

“Why do you want to know?”

“One of my friends may or may not have been involved, but I still don’t understand what went on.”

“Oh.” She laughed. “I only know this from the night shift guards, but there were some guys trying to break in, claiming to be there to deliver an important message or something, and then a thief came along and tried to take advantage of the chaos to rob the estate, but they chased everyone off.” She eyed Mach. “Which one was your friend?” 

“The thief.” 

She left, turning a corner, the guards laughter following her, and she shouted as she bumped into someone, her entire body jarring as she landed on the floor. 

“Watch where…” She trailed off. “You.” She scrambled to her feet.

The man smiled, twin scars across his cheeks distending with the movement. “Hello.”

She gave him a level stare. “Goodbye.”

He laughed, the sound unpleasant. “I still need some help.”

She walked away. “Good luck finding it.”

She turned at the scraping sound behind her, ducking as her instincts screamed at her. She aimed a punch at his stomach, and he grunted as he expelled a short breath. Taking advantage of his breathlessness, she left. 

Vesper paced the room, three steps one way, three steps back. Moments stretched into excruciating hours as she waited for the Pyx to arrive. She looked up as the door opened, running her hand through her hair, staring at the iron grey strands that clung to her fingers. She heard a laugh. 

“I’m only a minute late, Vesper. Don’t look like that.” 

She took a breath, turning to the Pyx with a smile. 

They stared at her, cocking their head. “What’s wrong?” 

She blinked. “Nothing. Simply tired.”

They nodded. 

A moment passed. 

“So, Auspex. What news?”

She sighed. “We need to do something about the investigator. We can’t have people knowing about our interests as an organisation.”

“I do not think she will spread what she knows.” They spoke with a small smile. 

 Vesper shook her head, but continued. “She is a liability regardless. 

Pr’atmas sat at his desk, the hard unforgiving wood of the chair reminding his back of every pain that it didn’t know it had. A map of the world, more extensive than anyone else in the country owned, lay sprawled across the table, his own notes scribbled across the surface, covering most of the space available. Clay figurines stood watch across the world, marking the battlefields of a war that only he knew existed. He picked up one in particular, threads of magic twining between his fingers as he fiddled with it. Through it, he could feel burgeoning power, the awakening of a new age. The writing along its bottom was in a script long forgotten even by the gods, a name unused for centuries. He ran a finger along it, closing his eyes, shadows dancing behind his lids, visions of blood filling his mind. He smiled. 