You have entered the dungeon.You have exited the dungeon. You wander around the dark halls, there are two paths before you stretching away into the darkness, what path will you take, the larger one or the narrower one? You see a hole in the ceiling above you with an iron rung ladder welded to the wall, will you take this other path? There seems to be a hole in the floor, leading down into a deeper darkness, shall you take this new path? You emerge into a room with a vast vaulted ceiling, decorated with ancient ornaments and vases. The great hall you have just entered has two exits decorated with great tapestries, faded by the passing from time, hung from the ceiling. The long hall is lit with torches which strangely seem to be emitting almost no illumination, it is as if the darkness is suffocating it. You see a skeleton on the floor, its bones covered in a thick layer of dust. The large chamber you enter is separated by a a vast crevasse seemingly going on forever, furthermore, to your left is a decrepit arch almost collapsed into ruin, do you enter it or go back? You enter a room you recognise, shall you re-take the path you took before or head off in a new direction? You hear a noise, echo faintly in the distance. The chamber you enter is choked with vines covered in sharp thorns, snaking in circular loops ever upward, it seems the only path is to go back. The room smells nice. You emerge on a landing where next to you a great spiral staircases goes back up and down, which direction shall you take? Off in the distance you see a slow-moving lumbering figure, it passes silently. You are ambushed by a zombie, and it has hurt you, you make a hasty retreat. As you step, the ground suddenly collapses into a ruin and you fall and indiscernable distance into a new hallway. The hallway ahead of you suddenly collapses into rubble, you must go back. You emerge in the vast great hall you have previously departed, what shall you do now? A vast shadow moves in the dim light ahead of you taking a path covered by draping vines, do you follow it or continue on your current course? There is a statue in front of you holding a glowing crystal, you feel like you have reach the end of somewhere. You emerge in a room full of treasure and uncountable riches, your journey is at an end. You emerge onto a narrow walkway with great swinging axes slicing through the air over a bottomless, do you continue and walk the treacherous path or do you turn around? You emerge in a room holding a great shrine of a figure reaching upwards into space, for some reason you feel an inner peace you have not felt in an age, you believe your journey is finished. You see a figure moving ahead of you, acting in a suspicious manner making you think they could be an imposter.